<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8" />
  <meta http-equiv="Content-Style-Type" content="text/css" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>Amazon Interview | Set 5</title>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body>
<div id="amazon-interview-set-5" class="section level1">
<h1>Amazon Interview | Set 5</h1>
<p>I’ve attended the Amazon interview in Hyderabad, This was kindle team, I got rejected but I’d like to share the experience, thought of giving back something to geeksforgeeks, which was a great reference for me.<span id="more-23453"></span></p>
<p><strong>Written test</strong><br /> Very straight forward<br /> <strong>1.</strong> Given a linked list, sort without extra space.<br /> I wrote merge sort</p>
<p><strong>2.</strong> Methods to serialize &amp; deserialize a tree ,must complete the below 2 monthods. File serialize (node *root) &amp; node * deserialize(File f)</p>
<p>Cleared the written test, I was told this after 1:30 Hrs.</p>
<p><strong>First round</strong><br /> <strong>1.</strong> Find diameter of a tree, I’ve seen the question here, But i didn’t recollect.. So solved my self..in some primitive way which made me write code with difficulty.</p>
<p><strong>2.</strong> Find a lowest common Ancestor, The variation was the tree was just a Binary Tree, Not BST, It was interesting to solve as i know only BST variation.</p>
<p><strong>Second round</strong><br /> <strong>1.</strong> Given an array randomize it,<br /> <strong>2.</strong> Write all possible permutations of a array of size z.<br /> <strong>3.</strong> Given a 2-D array of 0s and 1s, find islands in it. An Island is 1s together. E.g (below there is U shaped island)<br /> 0100001<br /> 0100001<br /> 0100001<br /> 0100001<br /> 0111111</p>
<p><strong>4.</strong> Write a method to check if a tree is BST or not. I wrote some stupid mistake in this code, probably that gave away my interview.</p>
<p><strong>Third round</strong><br /> <strong>1.</strong> So many HR like questions. Why Amazon, Why u want to leave, Why u dont want to stay, what did you do to stay back, biggest challenge, worst mistake, etc etc.. blabbered something.</p>
<p><strong>2.</strong> Write a method that will test a function which merges 2 sorted linked lists.</p>
<p><strong>3.</strong> Design a system, which can convert books from one format to another</p>
<p><strong>Fourth Round</strong><br /> Only one design question: Design a email client.</p>
<p>After 4 days and lot of anticipation, I got a mail saying I got rejected, Was wondering what they exactly look for.</p>
<p>Source: <a href="http://geeksforgeeks.org/forum/topic/amazon-chennai-interview-in-hyderabad">Amazon Chennai Interview in Hyderabad</a></p>
<p>Thanks to muzicisgod for sharing Amazon Interview Questions. If you like GeeksforGeeks and would like to contribute, you can also write an article and mail your article to contribute@geeksforgeeks.org. See your article appearing on the GeeksforGeeks main page and help other Geeks.</p>
<p>   </p>
<p>Tags: <a href="http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/tag/amazon/">Amazon</a>, <a href="http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/tag/interview/">Interview</a>, <a href="http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/tag/interview-experience/">Interview Experience</a></p>
<div id="source-13" class="section level3">
<h3>Source</h3>
<p><a href="http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/amazon-interview-set-4-3/" class="uri">http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/amazon-interview-set-4-3/</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>

