<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8" />
  <meta http-equiv="Content-Style-Type" content="text/css" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>Amazon Interview | Set 6</title>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body>
<div id="amazon-interview-set-6" class="section level1 post-title">
<h1>Amazon Interview | Set 6</h1>
<p>Following are my interview details for senior software engineer in 2010. Thought of sharing it, if it helps anybody<span id="more-23972"></span></p>
<p><strong>Telephonic Interview 1</strong><br /> <strong>1)</strong> Write your own power function in C/C++. Time complexity of your code, optimizations.<br /> <strong>2)</strong> Given two strings, write a function to remove all characters in one string which are present in other string</p>
<p><strong>Telephonic Interview 2</strong><br /> <strong>1)</strong> Construct a tree from ancestor matrix. The main thing he wanted to check was use of binary search.<br /> <strong>2)</strong> Find the k maximum selling items at amazon site at the end of day. Given a file which has count all sold items. Use of min heap was expected.</p>
<p><strong>Face to Face 1</strong><br /> <strong>1)</strong> Given a Binary Search Tree, in-place convert it to DLL.<br /> <strong>2)</strong> Find the next greater element for every element in array.</p>
<p><strong>Face to Face 2</strong><br /> <strong>1)</strong> Median of two sorted arrays.<br /> <strong>2)</strong> Given an XML file, how will you store it in memory. Use of tree was expected.<br /> There were some more questions that I don’t remember.</p>
<p><strong>Face to Face 3</strong><br /> <strong>1)</strong> Given a Binary Tree, check if every node is sum of all of its children.<br /> <strong>2)</strong> Given any Binary Tree, convert it to a tree where every node is sum of all of its children.<br /> <strong>3)</strong> Given an array, find three numbers a, b and c such that a^2 + b^2 = c^2</p>
<p>That is all I remember now.</p>
<pre class="brush: cpp; title: ; notranslate" title=""><code> </code></pre>
<p>Thanks to <strong>Vivek</strong> for sharing Amazon Interview Questions. If you like GeeksforGeeks and would like to contribute, you can also write an article and mail your article to contribute@geeksforgeeks.org. See your article appearing on the GeeksforGeeks main page and help other Geeks</p>
<p>   </p>
<p>Tags: <a href="http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/tag/amazon/">Amazon</a>, <a href="http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/tag/interview-experience/">Interview Experience</a></p>
<div id="source-8" class="section level3">
<h3>Source</h3>
<p><a href="http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/amazon-interview-2/" class="uri">http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/amazon-interview-2/</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>

