<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8" />
  <meta http-equiv="Content-Style-Type" content="text/css" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>Amazon Interview | Set 4</title>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body>
<div id="amazon-interview-set-4" class="section level1 post-title">
<h1>Amazon Interview | Set 4</h1>
<p>Please find the details of my Amazon interviews below. <span id="more-23485"></span></p>
<p><strong>Date of Interviews:</strong> 1 Sept 2012</p>
<p><strong>No of Rounds:</strong> 4</p>
<p><strong>Type of Interviews:</strong> Walk-in for 1 yr experienced</p>
<p><br /> <strong>Round 1:</strong></p>
<p><strong>Question 1:-</strong> Given a 2D array containing only 0/1’s and each row is in sorted order. Find the row which contains maximum number of 1s.<br /> I was asked to code. Algo which I told was I will search position of first 1 in 1st row using binary search. And mark it. Now note that position check in 2nd row. If there is 1 for that position already found in 1st row, then binary search from 0 to that position else move to row number 3. Similarly continue further.</p>
<p><br /> <strong>Round 2:-</strong></p>
<p><strong>Question 1:-</strong> Given a Binary tree and two nodes. Need to find the minimum ancestor, no parent nodes given.<br /> Each time when I told answer, they modified question little bit or removed some extra storage which I was taking.</p>
<p><strong>Question 2:-</strong> Given a Binary tree and two nodes. Need to find smallest path between them</p>
<p><br /> <strong>Round 3:-</strong></p>
<p><strong>Question 1:-</strong> Given an array of infinite size containing 0/1 only and in sorted order, find position of first one.</p>
<p>My answer: first check whether 1 is present at 100th position or not if there, do binary search between 0 and 100 else check 1 is there at 200th position, and similarly continue further.</p>
<p><strong>Question 2:-</strong> Given life time of different elephants find period when maximum number of elephants lived. ex [5, 10], [6, 15], [2, 7] etc. year in which max no elephants exists.</p>
<p>Other questions were regarding Operating system like virtual memory etc.</p>
<p><br /> <strong>Round 4:-</strong><br /> It was HR round. Questions related to project. Questions like why I should Hire you etc were asked.</p>
<p>Result is still on wait.</p>
<p>This article is compiled by <strong>Naveen Kumar Singh</strong>. If you like GeeksforGeeks and would like to contribute, you can also write an article and mail your article to contribute@geeksforgeeks.org. See your article appearing on the GeeksforGeeks main page and help other Geeks.</p>
<p>   </p>
<p>Tags: <a href="http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/tag/amazon/">Amazon</a>, <a href="http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/tag/interview-experience/">Interview Experience</a></p>
<div id="source-12" class="section level3">
<h3>Source</h3>
<p><a href="http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/amazon-interview-set-4-2/" class="uri">http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/amazon-interview-set-4-2/</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>

