<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8" />
  <meta http-equiv="Content-Style-Type" content="text/css" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>Amazon Interview | Set 15</title>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body>
<div id="amazon-interview-set-15" class="section level1 post-title">
<h1>Amazon Interview | Set 15</h1>
<p>For the position SDE I.</p>
<p>I had an online test through interviewstreet and following were the questions:<span id="more-28602"></span><br /> <a href="http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/archives/9999" class="uri">http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/archives/9999</a></p>
<p><a href="http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/archives/8615" class="uri">http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/archives/8615</a></p>
<p><a href="http://geeksforgeeks.org/forum/topic/microsoft-interview-question-for-software-engineerdeveloper-about-arrays-10" class="uri">http://geeksforgeeks.org/forum/topic/microsoft-interview-question-for-software-engineerdeveloper-about-arrays-10</a></p>
<p><a href="http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/archives/1155" class="uri">http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/archives/1155</a></p>
<p><strong>F2F Interview :</strong><br /> <strong>1.</strong> Generate all valid permutations using ‘(‘ and ‘)’. Valid permutation is the general definition of valid sequence of the opening and closing brackets.</p>
<p>I told him a solution where we would generate a combination using a recursive solution and prune the cases where a valid combination is no longer possible. The solution was fine and not that difficult. But the interviewer was very interested in knowing if I can calculate the complexity of the solution. He gave me some hints but it was just not striking me. I told him my approximate answer. We moved on.</p>
<p><strong>2.</strong> Create an ancestor matrix for a tree.</p>
<p>The solution would seem simple. But since the matrix is N*N, the interviewer wanted some tricks to reduce the complexity of the write operation on the matrix.</p>
<p>I told him a solution where you can initialize the matrix with all zeros and only write 1 for the ancestor cell using a modifies recursive solution and linkedlist.<br /> He was fine with the solution</p>
<p><strong>F2F 2:</strong></p>
<p><strong>1.</strong> Find the maximum weight node in a tree if each node is the sum of the weights all the nodes under it. Obviously tree nodes can have negative weights.</p>
<p><strong>2.</strong> Kadane’s algo</p>
<p><strong>F2F 3:</strong></p>
<p><strong>1.</strong> Find the diameter of a tree.</p>
<p><strong>2.</strong> Link every node of a level to the the next node at the same level</p>
<pre><code>eg:
Tree is:
                      1
                   2    3
                4   5 6   7
would become:
                      1
                     2--&gt;3
               4---&gt;5---&gt;6---&gt;7</code></pre>
<p><strong>3.</strong> Find the first subarray which has a zero sum in an array</p>
<p><strong>F2F 4:</strong><br /> Detailed discussion on projects I did in college and about my interests.</p>
<pre class="brush: cpp; title: ; notranslate" title=""><code></code></pre>
<p>This article is compiled by <strong>girlforce</strong>. If you like GeeksforGeeks and would like to contribute, you can also write an article and mail your article to contribute@geeksforgeeks.org. See your article appearing on the GeeksforGeeks main page and help other Geeks.</p>
<p>   </p>
<p>Tags: <a href="http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/tag/amazon/">Amazon</a>, <a href="http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/tag/interview-experience/">Interview Experience</a></p>
<div id="source-20" class="section level3">
<h3>Source</h3>
<p><a href="http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/amazon-interview-set-13-2/" class="uri">http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/amazon-interview-set-13-2/</a></p>
<p></p>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>

