<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8" />
  <meta http-equiv="Content-Style-Type" content="text/css" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>Amazon Interview | Set 14</title>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body>
<div id="amazon-interview-set-14" class="section level1 post-title">
<h1>Amazon Interview | Set 14</h1>
<p><strong>TeamÂ </strong>: Transportation<br /> <strong>Location</strong>Â :Hyderabad<span id="more-28607"></span></p>
<p><strong>Round 1 (Online Test)</strong><br /> Q1. Find the kth largest value in a BST</p>
<p>Q2. Swap the alternate nodes in a singly linked list( not the data);</p>
<p>Q3. Minimum no of coins required to get the given sum. Coins are given in a sorted array.</p>
<p>Q4. A file contains data as follows( Student name, marks in 3 subjects)</p>
<p>Shrikanth 20 50 60</p>
<p>Kiran 30 80 90</p>
<p>Find the student who hasÂ maximumÂ average score</p>
<p>Q5. Find out given two trees are isomorphic or not</p>
<p><strong>Round 2 (Telephonic Round)</strong></p>
<p>Q1.Â Â Print the level order of binary tree such that each level should print in a different line</p>
<p>Q2. Push() and Pop() methods of stack are given. Write a function to get the minimum of stack in O(1) time</p>
<p>Project related questions</p>
<p><strong>Round 3 (F2F with Dev Manager)</strong></p>
<p>Q1. Connect nodes at same level in a binary tree( may not be a complete binary tree) without using recursion</p>
<p>Q2. Sort the linked list which contains only 1,2,3 numbers in a single pass</p>
<p><strong>Round 4 (F2F with developers)</strong></p>
<p>Q1.Â Design a snake and ladder game</p>
<p>Q2. Given a linked list contains even and odd numbers.Â separateÂ the list into two lists contains odd/even numbers.</p>
<p>Q3. Given a 2D matrix which contains 0’s and 1’s. Given two points of matrix whose value is 1. Find the path(with only 1’s) between the given points</p>
<p><strong>Round 5 (F2F with Senior Manager)</strong></p>
<p>Project related questions</p>
<p>Challenging tasks done so far</p>
<p>Q1. Given a large file which contains m rows and n columns. Given a column no, sort the column in such a way that corresponding rows also sorted</p>
<p><strong>Round 6 (F2F with Developers)</strong></p>
<p>Q1. Print all pairs(sets) of prime numbers (p,q) such that p*q &lt;= n, where n is given number</p>
<p>Q2. Given a binary tree, if parent is 0, then left child is 0 and right child is 1. if parent is 1, then left child is 1 and right child is 0. Root of the tree is 0. Find the kth node value which is present at Nth level</p>
<p>Q3. Longest monotonically increasing sequence in O(NlogN)</p>
<p>I couldn’t make it. Hope it helps someone else.</p>
<pre class="brush: cpp; title: ; notranslate" title=""><code></code></pre>
<p>This article is compiled by <strong>Shrikanth</strong>. If you like GeeksforGeeks and would like to contribute, you can also write an article and mail your article to contribute@geeksforgeeks.org. See your article appearing on the GeeksforGeeks main page and help other Geeks.</p>
<p>   </p>
<p>Tags: <a href="http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/tag/amazon/">Amazon</a>, <a href="http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/tag/interview-experience/">Interview Experience</a></p>
<div id="source-22" class="section level3">
<h3>Source</h3>
<p><a href="http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/amazon-interview-set-14-2/" class="uri">http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/amazon-interview-set-14-2/</a></p>
<p></p>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>

