<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8" />
  <meta http-equiv="Content-Style-Type" content="text/css" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>Amazon Interview | Set 17</title>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body>
<div id="amazon-interview-set-17" class="section level1 post-title">
<h1>Amazon Interview | Set 17</h1>
<p><strong>Online Written round :</strong><br /> 5 programming questions. You have to answer within 2 hours.<span id="more-29554"></span><br /> 1. Swap two nodes in a linked list<br /> 2. Find kth smallest element in a binary search tree<br /> 3. Longest increasing subsequence in an array<br /> 4. One DP program</p>
<p><strong>Face to face interviews:</strong></p>
<p><strong>1st round :</strong><br /> 1. Find whether given tree is BST or not<br /> 2. Boundary traversal of a tree<br /> 3. Print the border nodes of the tree</p>
<p><strong>2nd round:</strong><br /> 1. There are n number of points in a two dimensional plane. Find two nearest points<br /> 2. There are n number of points in a two dimensional plane . Given a point find k nearest points to it.</p>
<p><strong>3rd round:</strong><br /> 1. Given a matrix with random numbers in it , If a location has 1, make all the elements of that row and column as 1<br /> 2. Given a matrix, find whether you can form the given number in</p>
<p><strong>4th round:</strong><br /> 1. Write a program to list all the possible words from the given set of data in the same order. ( eg : given word : nokiamobile O/P : nokia mobile : given word : samsung O/P : 1. SAMSUNG 2.SAM SUNG(considering sam as a word) )<br /> 2. Given two trees , find whether they are from same set of dataset or not.<br /> 3. Thread pool implementation.</p>
<p>This article is compiled by <strong>Yogesh</strong>. Many Many congratulations to Yogesh for his selection. If you like GeeksforGeeks and would like to contribute, you can also write an article and mail your article to contribute@geeksforgeeks.org. See your article appearing on the GeeksforGeeks main page and help other Geeks.</p>
<p>   </p>
<p>Tags: <a href="http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/tag/amazon/">Amazon</a>, <a href="http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/tag/interview-experience/">Interview Experience</a></p>
<div id="source-24" class="section level3">
<h3>Source</h3>
<p><a href="http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/amazon-interview-set-17/" class="uri">http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/amazon-interview-set-17/</a></p>
<p></p>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>

