<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8" />
  <meta http-equiv="Content-Style-Type" content="text/css" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>Amazon Interview | Set 26</title>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body>
<div id="amazon-interview-set-26" class="section level1">
<h1>Amazon Interview | Set 26</h1>
<p>Hi, I am Mayur Kale,I was recently interviewed for SDE1 position for Amazon in our campus and got selected. Geeksforgeeks helped me lot. I prepared only from Geeksforgeeks.org. I am very thankful to Geeksforgeeks team.<span id="more-117021"></span></p>
<p>Onw online coding test followed by 4 rounds of F2F interviews.</p>
<p><strong>Online Coding Test (2 Problems,20 MCQs, 1:30 hours)</strong> From Interviewstreet<br /> All problems had multiple test cases for which the code was validated against.<br /> 1. from input string we have to print character which occurs maximum number of times.</p>
<p><strong>Face to face: Round 1(Technical, 1 hour):</strong><br /> 1. Given a boolean matrix mat[M][N] of size M X N, modify it such that if a matrix cell mat[i][j] is 1 (or true) then make all the cells of ith row and jth column as 1 (time complexity expected was O(M*N) and space O(1))<br /> Solution: <a href="http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/a-boolean-matrix-question/" class="uri">http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/a-boolean-matrix-question/</a></p>
<p>2. Given binary tree, if we draw a line from root then we have to print all nodes on that line.</p>
<p>Code for both questions was required and some other discussion happened..</p>
<p><strong>Face to face: Round 2(Technical, 1 hour):</strong><br /> 1. Given string we have insert %20 on each space and input string has enough memory to contain output string.<br /> (time complexity expected was O(n) and space was O(1).</p>
<p>2.merge point of linked list.<br /> (I told I know this question so he moved ahead..)<br /> 3.Given binary search tree in array form and we have to check whether it is fully binary tree or not..<br /> (I gave O(n^2) solution but He was expecting O(n) solution after some discussion I managed to give answer in O(n) complexity…)<br /> 4. Given that integers are read from a data stream. We have to find k maximum elements from that stream…<br /> (I gave solution of insertion sort,then come to heap)</p>
<p>code for all questions required and nice discussion was there…<br /> He was very impressed with my answers…</p>
<p><strong>Face to face: Round 3(Technical, 1 hour 20 minutes):</strong></p>
<p>-He asked me to choose topic on which questions should ask..<br /> I chose OS…<br /> -some questions on paging and virtual memory.</p>
<p>-If we use 8 GB RAM for 32 bit machine what will happen?<br /> It was nice question..<br /> He was very impressed with answer.<br /> -Some discussion on Networking(DHCP and DNS).<br /> -Some discussion on Linker and Loader.<br /> -Some discussion on JAVA.<br /> -Some discussion on DBMS.</p>
<p>-one puzzle<br /> A champagne pyramid is a pyramid made of champagne glasses , each of equal capacity say , n. The pyramid begins with one glass at the top level , two glasses at the second level , then three below that and so on up to infinite levels. A level x of the pyramid thus has x no. of champagne glasses.</p>
<p>A steady stream of champagne is poured down from the top level,which trickles down to the lower levels. What is the distribution of champagne in the glasses at a given level i.<br /> (I told I know this puzzle then he moved ahead..)</p>
<p>-Give a Building with n floor. A person can take 1 step or 2 step to climb. Find the number of ways to reach nth floor. Code was required</p>
<p>Interviewer was very happy after that.</p>
<p><strong>Face to face: Round 4(Technical, 1 hour 20 minutes):</strong><br /> It was like semi HR round.<br /> 1. Why Computer science?<br /> 2. Given an array of integers which is initially increasing and then decreasing, find the maximum value in the array.<br /> <a href="http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/find-the-maximum-element-in-an-array-which-is-first-increasing-and-then-decreasing/" class="uri">http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/find-the-maximum-element-in-an-array-which-is-first-increasing-and-then-decreasing/</a><br /> 3. Modified k heavy path in binary tree problem.</p>
<p>In evening they told me result and I got selected in amazon. It was very nice experience for me.</p>
<pre class="brush: cpp; title: ; notranslate" title=""><code>                    </code></pre>
<p>This article is compiled by <strong>Mayur Kale</strong>. Many Many congratulations to him. If you like GeeksforGeeks and would like to contribute, you can also write an article and mail your article to contribute@geeksforgeeks.org. See your article appearing on the GeeksforGeeks main page and help other Geeks.</p>
<p>   </p>
<p>Tags: <a href="http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/tag/amazon/">Amazon</a>, <a href="http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/tag/interview-experience/">Interview Experience</a></p>
<div id="source-33" class="section level3">
<h3>Source</h3>
<p><a href="http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/amazon-interview-set-26/" class="uri">http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/amazon-interview-set-26/</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>

