<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8" />
  <meta http-equiv="Content-Style-Type" content="text/css" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>Amazon Interview | Set 31</title>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body>
<div id="amazon-interview-set-31" class="section level1 post-title">
<h1>Amazon Interview | Set 31</h1>
<p>Recently I attended the Amazon walk-in and got selected for the position of SDE I.<span id="more-118930"></span></p>
<p><strong>Written test:</strong></p>
<p>1. Write a code to convert tree to DDL(assume tree node contains pre, next pointers and set as null intially.)</p>
<p>2. WAP to encode and decode string.<br />      aabbbbcccd a2b4c3d1</p>
<p>3. Find the sum of elements in after nth iteration for below operation on array.</p>
<pre><code>   original array  4 6 8 3 6    sum = 27
   iteration1      -2 -2 5 -3    sum = -2   (a1= a2-a1)

   iteration2:     0  -7  8     sum= 1

   iteration3:       7  -15     sum =-8 </code></pre>
<p><strong>Hiring Manager:</strong></p>
<p>1. Find the nearest leaf node from given node in binary tree..<br />       use post order traversal.. like LCA in binary tree<br /> 2. Find the first k largest numbers from large file size. Explain solution for</p>
<p>       1. When we have space to store K elements in RAM</p>
<p>       2. When we didn’t have space to store K elements in RAM</p>
<p><strong>Tech:</strong></p>
<p>1. Design N-ary tree, to make sure that lock and unlock operations can be done with minimum complexity (height of tree)<br />       a node can be locked when its ancestors or successor are not locked.<br />       we can a unlock a node a any time.<br /> 2. a[] = {a,b,c,d,e} b[]={f,g,h} result should be = af+bg+ch+df+eg</p>
<p><strong>Tech:</strong></p>
<p>1. Find maximum product of subarray in given array of integers<br /> 2. Design T9 dictionary</p>
<p><strong>Bar Riser:</strong></p>
<p>1. Design a tree, in which a root can have unlimited children and write a code to print each level in separate level</p>
<p>2. Print the anagrams present in a huge file (each line in file contains one word and you didn’t have any constraints like limited memory etc..) for a give string</p>
<p>      use trie or hashmap</p>
<p>Like all Amazon interviews in GFG, here interviewer more concerned about edge cases and perf perf perf perfect code.</p>
<p>Thanks a lot GEEKS FOR GEEKS and my dear friends Ramesh, Purush, Jhadey for helping me in preparation.</p>
<pre class="brush: cpp; title: ; notranslate" title=""><code>                  </code></pre>
<p>If you like GeeksforGeeks and would like to contribute, you can also write an article and mail your article to contribute@geeksforgeeks.org. See your article appearing on the GeeksforGeeks main page and help.</p>
<p>   </p>
<p>Tags: <a href="http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/tag/amazon/">Amazon</a>, <a href="http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/tag/interview-experience/">Interview Experience</a></p>
<div id="source-37" class="section level3">
<h3>Source</h3>
<p><a href="http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/amazon-interview-set-31/" class="uri">http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/amazon-interview-set-31/</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>

