<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8" />
  <meta http-equiv="Content-Style-Type" content="text/css" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>Amazon Interview | Set 46 (On-campus for Internship)</title>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body>
<div id="amazon-interview-set-46-on-campus-for-internship" class="section level1 post-title">
<h1>Amazon Interview | Set 46 (On-campus for Internship)</h1>
<p><strong>Written:</strong><br /> 20 MCQ on basics of C, OS, Networking + 2 Coding. <span id="more-123057"></span><br /> 1) Left view of Binary Tree.<br /> 2) Rotate a matrix by 90 degree.</p>
<p><strong>Interview (Round-1)</strong><br /> 1. You have to find p,q of matrix p*q such that it fill n elements(n given) Such that<br /> a) matrix should be nearest to a square matrix and<br /> b) 0</p>
<p>2. Zig-zag traversal of tree</p>
<p>3. You are given an array of length k and it have numbers from 0 to n (where k&gt;&gt;&gt;n) in O(n) time and no extra space find occurrences of each element in O(n) time only</p>
<p><strong>Round-2</strong><br /> 1. You are given row and column wise sorted matrix you have to find and delete an element such that it is still sorted in O(n) time.</p>
<p>2. Find if sum of any 2 elements in an array equal to k in O(n) time using extra space.</p>
<p>3. In a BST to every element add sum of elements greater than it.</p>
<p>Result –&gt; Got Selected from Campus Internship Interviews.</p>
<p>If you like GeeksforGeeks and would like to contribute, you can also write an article and mail your article to contribute@geeksforgeeks.org. See your article appearing on the GeeksforGeeks main page and help other Geeks.</p>
<p>   </p>
<p>Tags: <a href="http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/tag/amazon/">Amazon</a>, <a href="http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/tag/interview-experience/">Interview Experience</a></p>
<div id="source-52" class="section level3">
<h3>Source</h3>
<p><a href="http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/amazon-interview-set-46-campus-internship/" class="uri">http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/amazon-interview-set-46-campus-internship/</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>

