<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8" />
  <meta http-equiv="Content-Style-Type" content="text/css" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>Amazon Interview | Set 47 (Off-campus for SDE-1)</title>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body>
<div id="amazon-interview-set-47-off-campus-for-sde-1" class="section level1">
<h1>Amazon Interview | Set 47 (Off-campus for SDE-1)</h1>
<p><strong>Round 1: Written</strong><br /> 20 MCQs and 2 coding questions<br /> (1) Mirror a tree.</p>
<p>(2) Find if an array has pair of elements with sum k.<span id="more-123146"></span></p>
<p><strong>Round 2: Telephonic Interview</strong><br /> (1) Given a number, find the next minimal greater number with same number of set bits(Approach+code)</p>
<p>(2) Given a linked list with next and arbit pointer. Clone the list(Approach + code)</p>
<p>(3) AVL Tree(Approach)</p>
<p><strong>Round 3: Telephonic Interview</strong><br /> (1) Given a number which denotes number of pair of parenthesis(only one type of parenthesis). Print all the valid permutation of those parenthesis(Approach + code).</p>
<p>(2) Connecting all nodes at the same in Binary Tree(Approach + code )</p>
<p><strong>Round 4: F2F(manager)</strong><br /> Discussion on all projects I have done.</p>
<p>(1) Convert BT to DLL(Approach + code)</p>
<p>(2) How to find if nodes in LL are odd or even(Approach )</p>
<p>(3) How to detect loop in LL(Approach)</p>
<p>(4) Segment Tree(Approach + code)</p>
<p><strong>Round 5: F2F(Two interviewers)</strong><br /> This one was bar raiser I guess</p>
<p>(1) Convert a BST in such a way that every node contain sum of it and every greater element than it (Approach + code)</p>
<p>(2) Garbage collector(Approach)</p>
<p>(3) Finding median in array(Approach)</p>
<p>(4) Finding k closest elements to an element in an array(Approach)</p>
<p>(5) Deleting a node from LL provided the tail nodes points to mid element. After deletion property should be maintained(Approach)</p>
<p><strong>Round 6: F2F(Senior guy)</strong><br /> A long discussion on projects.</p>
<p>(1) Circular Buffer array problem(Approach + code)</p>
<p>(2)BT is BST or not(Approach + code)</p>
<p><strong>Round 7: F2F (Two interviewers)</strong></p>
<p>(1) Given coins of 1,2 and 5 and given a number N. Find in how many ways you can make the change(Approach + code)</p>
<p>(2) Swapping alternate nodes in LL(Approach + code)</p>
<p>(3) Swapping k nodes in LL(Approach)</p>
<p><strong>Round 8: F2F(Again with manager)</strong><br /> Discussion on projects. Every positive , negative point he discussed on each projects</p>
<p>Now All HR type questions</p>
<p>(1) How will you handle conflict with teammate.</p>
<p>(2) How will you handle conflict with manager.</p>
<p>(3) Your teammate is not sharing required information with you. What will you do?</p>
<p>(4) If you are given 10 requirements and you don’t have to fulfill each and every requirement what will you do?</p>
<p>(5) Given some languages which one you prefer and why?</p>
<p>(6) Given some tasks with one you prefer?</p>
<p>(7) If you are about to meet deadline and one of your teammates need some help.Would you cross deadline to help him?</p>
<p>If you like GeeksforGeeks and would like to contribute, you can also write an article and mail your article to contribute@geeksforgeeks.org. See your article appearing on the GeeksforGeeks main page and help other Geeks.</p>
<p>   </p>
<p>Tags: <a href="http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/tag/amazon/">Amazon</a>, <a href="http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/tag/interview-experience/">Interview Experience</a></p>
<div id="source-53" class="section level3">
<h3>Source</h3>
<p><a href="http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/amazon-interview-set-47-off-campus-for-sde-1/" class="uri">http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/amazon-interview-set-47-off-campus-for-sde-1/</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>

