<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8" />
  <meta http-equiv="Content-Style-Type" content="text/css" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>Amazon Interview | Set 56 (Off-Campus)</title>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body>
<div id="amazon-interview-set-56-off-campus" class="section level1 post-title">
<h1>Amazon Interview | Set 56 (Off-Campus)</h1>
<p>The most important thing about Amazon interviews is that you need to produce Flawless, Most Optimal solution in the First try itself. <span id="more-125589"></span>Take your time to think, but when you code make sure you Cover every edge case before handing your solution to the interviewer.</p>
<p><strong>Online Round (90 mins)</strong></p>
<p>20 MCQ questions spanning Aptitude, basic C/C++ skills<br /> 2 Coding Questions<br /> -&gt; Vertical Sum in binary tree<br /> -&gt; Add 2 link lists</p>
<p><strong>Phone Screen ( PS1 ) ( 45 mins)</strong><br /> Basic questions about OS. Virtual memory, multi-threading, etc.<br /> -&gt; Next Greater number for every element. ( Algo + Code )<br /> -&gt; Reverse link list ( Algo )<br /> -&gt; LCA in Binary Tree ( Algo + Code )</p>
<p><strong>F2F Interview 1: (45 mins)</strong><br /> -&gt; LCA of K given nodes in a n-ary tree .( Algo + Code )<br /> -&gt; Sliding window minimum . ( Algo + Code )<br /> Discussion about Internship project .</p>
<p><strong>F2F Interview 2: ( 60 mins)</strong><br /> Discussion about Internship project .High level Design was to be produced<br /> -&gt; Given a boolean 2-D matrix, find the number of unique rows in it.( Algo + Code )<br /> I gave 3 diffrent solutions.One of them used Hashing .The interviewer then went into GREAT details of hashing .<br /> After a lot of discussion about various Types of hash implementation,pros/cons,uses , he gave me a Scenario for which i needed to build a good hash function.</p>
<p><strong>F2F Interview 3(Stess Interview) ( 60 mins)</strong><br /> Discussion about Internship project .<br /> -&gt; Given a Binary tree and a arbirary node of that tree , find all the nodes at a Distance of K from that Node .Nodes DON’T have parent pointers.( Algo + Code )<br /> -&gt; Implement 2 stacks in an array .( Algo + Code ) .<br /> Follow up question -&gt;What do we do if we want to change the size of array dynamically.<br /> -&gt; Implement 3 stacks in an array .( Algo )<br /> -&gt; Implement K stacks in an array .( Algo )</p>
<p><strong>F2F Interview 4 ( 60 mins )</strong><br /> -&gt; Lot of OS questions . Mutex,semaphore,Deadlock ,Virtual memory , Scheduling algos .<br /> Then he gave me a Code, and asked to make it Thread Safe .<br /> I had used SQL in my intership project, so was asked basic DBMS questions and SQL queries.<br /> SQL query to find maximum in a column, without using aggregate MAX function .</p>
<p>-&gt; Given a binary tree, where every node value is a Digit from 1-9 .Find the sum of all the numbers which are formed from root to leaf paths . (Algo + Code )</p>
<pre><code>                                          6
                                      /       \
                                    3          5
                                  /   \           \
                                 2     5          4
                                      /   \
                                     7    4
  There are 4 leafs, hence 4 root to leaf paths:
   Path                    Number
  6-&gt;3-&gt;2                  632
  6-&gt;3-&gt;5-&gt;7               6357
  6-&gt;3-&gt;5-&gt;4               6354
  6-&gt;5&gt;4                   654
Answer = 632 + 6375 + 6354 + 654 = 13997</code></pre>
<p>If you like GeeksforGeeks and would like to contribute, you can also write an article and mail your article to contribute@geeksforgeeks.org. See your article appearing on the GeeksforGeeks main page and help other Geeks.</p>
<p>   </p>
<p>Tags: <a href="http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/tag/amazon/">Amazon</a>, <a href="http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/tag/interview-experience/">Interview Experience</a></p>
<div id="source-63" class="section level3">
<h3>Source</h3>
<p><a href="http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/amazon-interview-set-56-campus/" class="uri">http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/amazon-interview-set-56-campus/</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>

