<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8" />
  <meta http-equiv="Content-Style-Type" content="text/css" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>Amazon Interview | Set 54 (On Campus for SDE)</title>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body>
<div id="amazon-interview-set-54-on-campus-for-sde" class="section level1 post-title">
<h1>Amazon Interview | Set 54 (On Campus for SDE)</h1>
<p>Hi All, I got the following question for the On-Campus placement process. Hopefully it’ll help you too.<span id="more-124182"></span></p>
<p><strong>Screening Test</strong></p>
<p>Q1. Left View of a tree</p>
<p>Q2. Add three numbers represented as linked lists<br /> example<br /> n1: 1-&gt;2-&gt;3<br /> n2: 4-&gt;5<br /> n3: 6-&gt;7-&gt;8-&gt;9<br /> sum: 6-&gt;9-&gt;5-&gt;7</p>
<p><strong>Round 1 (F2F Interview)</strong></p>
<p>Connect same level nodes without level order traversal. (Code)</p>
<p>Given an array where all numbers but one occurs in pairs, suggest all ways to find the unique number. What if the array was sorted? (Code)</p>
<p><strong>Round 2 (F2F Interview)</strong></p>
<p>Print cousins of a given node (Not sibling)</p>
<p>Given a 20 GB file and 2GB RAM, how to parse it and detect where to break it, concepts of memory management</p>
<p>Implement 3 stacks in array, all approaches and code</p>
<p>Deepest left leaf of a binary tree</p>
<p><strong>Round 3 (F2F Interview)</strong></p>
<p>Longest path in a tree with just one bend. May or may not start with from the root. (Complete code)</p>
<p>Code for deadlock and how to resolve.</p>
<p>OOPS concepts, polymorphism</p>
<p><strong>Round 4 (Telephonic Interview)</strong></p>
<p>Check if a tree is a subtree of another. (Code)</p>
<p>Convert a given number to Roman numbers.</p>
<p>Thanks a lot to the GeeksforGeeks team again. Appreciate the hard work you guys have put. Also a big thanks to all the contributors.</p>
<p> <br /> If you like GeeksforGeeks and would like to contribute, you can also write an article and mail your article to contribute@geeksforgeeks.org. See your article appearing on the GeeksforGeeks main page and help other Geeks.</p>
<p>   </p>
<p>Tags: <a href="http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/tag/amazon/">Amazon</a>, <a href="http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/tag/interview-experience/">Interview Experience</a></p>
<div id="source-61" class="section level3">
<h3>Source</h3>
<p><a href="http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/amazon-interview-set-54-on-campus-for-sde/" class="uri">http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/amazon-interview-set-54-on-campus-for-sde/</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>

