<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8" />
  <meta http-equiv="Content-Style-Type" content="text/css" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>Amazon Interview | Set 70 (On-Campus For Internship)</title>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body>
<div id="amazon-interview-set-70-on-campus-for-internship" class="section level1">
<h1>Amazon Interview | Set 70 (On-Campus For Internship)</h1>
<p><strong>Online Round Coding Question:</strong></p>
<p>Q1. Given a float number 7.64, convert it into the string WITHOUT using any inbuilt function/library.<span id="more-127531"></span><br /> for eg:<br /> input<br /> float no.: 7.64<br /> output<br /> string: 7.64</p>
<p>Q2. Given the inorder and preorder traversals of a Binary Tree, output the postorder traversal of it.<br /> for eg:<br /> input:<br /> Inorder: 7, 8, 4, 1, 6, 2, 5<br /> Preorder: 1, 4, 7, 8, 2, 6, 4<br /> output:<br /> Postorder: 8, 7, 4, 6, 5, 2, 1</p>
<p><strong>Round 1 written:</strong><br /> Q1. Given a string find the length of longest substring which has none of its character repeated?<br /> for eg:<br /> i/p string:<br /> abcabcbb<br /> length of longest substring with no repeating charcters: 3 (abc)</p>
<p>Q2. Given a link list with right pointers and each element of the list has a down link contains another link list with down pointers as:</p>
<pre><code> 5 -&gt; 7 -&gt; 9 -&gt; 18
 |    |    |    |
10    6    14   20
 |    |    |    |
11    8    19   22
 |    |         |
12    13        24
 |
15</code></pre>
<p>each right and down list are sorted.<br /> Write a function flatten() which flattens this link list to a single link list with all the elements in sorted order as:<br /> 5-&gt;6-&gt;7-&gt;8-&gt;9-&gt;10-&gt;11-&gt;12-&gt;13-&gt;14-&gt;15-&gt;18-&gt;19-&gt;20-&gt;22-&gt;24<br /> <strong><br /> PI Round 1:</strong><br /> The interview started with discussions and questioning about the internship project and other projects mentioned in my Resume.<br /> After the discussions about projects interviewer asked a question on string the question was:</p>
<p>Q1. A string of length n and an integer m was given, give an algo. to rotate the string counter clockwise by m. I was asked to give all the check conditions for input m.<br /> Then the interviewer asked me to write a code for the same with a strict guideline that there should not be any mistake in the code ;).</p>
<p>Q2. After this he asked me about heap, min and max heap, insertion and deletion in a heap. He asked me to prove that the time complexity of inserting n elements in a heap.<br /> At-least he asked about the uses of heap data structure and other data structure which are implemented using heap.</p>
<p><strong>PI Round 2:</strong><br /> Q1) What is the difference b/w abstract and interface class?<br /> Q2) Write a program to create single thread and print “Hello World”, stating all the arguments of createThread function?<br /> Q3) What is a deadlock and what are the condition necessary for the deadlock to occur?<br /> Q4) What is a cache memory and how it is implemented?<br /> Q5) Explain LRU, FIFO and other page replacement algorithms?<br /> Q6) Write a code to implement LRU cache and then implement full cache memory?</p>
<p>If you like GeeksforGeeks and would like to contribute, you can also write an article and mail your article to contribute@geeksforgeeks.org. See your article appearing on the GeeksforGeeks main page and help other Geeks.</p>
<p>   </p>
<p>Tags: <a href="http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/tag/amazon/">Amazon</a>, <a href="http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/tag/interview-experience/">Interview Experience</a></p>
<div id="source-77" class="section level3">
<h3>Source</h3>
<p><a href="http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/amazon-interview-set-70-on-campus/" class="uri">http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/amazon-interview-set-70-on-campus/</a></p>
<p></p>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>

