<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8" />
  <meta http-equiv="Content-Style-Type" content="text/css" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>Amazon Interview | Set 68 (For SDE-1)</title>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body>
<div id="amazon-interview-set-68-for-sde-1" class="section level1 post-title">
<h1>Amazon Interview | Set 68 (For SDE-1)</h1>
<p>I went through the Amazon interview process for SDE-1, I didn’t make it past the 3rd F2F round.<span id="more-126845"></span></p>
<p><strong>Online Round:</strong><br /> 1. Find if a given string contains duplicates<br /> 2. Given a BST, find the maximum N elements of the tree<br /> 3. Given a BST, convert it into Doubly Linked List<br /> 4. Rotate a 2-D Matrix by 90 degrees</p>
<p><strong>Telephonic Interview:</strong><br /> 1. Given an array of integers (+ve and -ve), give a contiguous set of numbers that add to 1<br /> Eg. 4 3 5 -3 -1 2 -3 10 2<br /> Ans: 5 -3 -1 2 -3</p>
<p>2. Check if a given tree is a BST or not</p>
<p>3. In a 2-D Matrix with the following properties:<br />     i. Contains only 1s and 0s<br />     ii. Every Row is sorted<br /> Find the row with maximum zeroes.</p>
<p><strong>F2F:</strong><br /> <strong>Round 1:</strong></p>
<p>1. Print all the cycles in a directed graph</p>
<p>2. Given an unsorted array, assign every element to its immediate larger number after the current number, assign to -1 if no such number exists<br /> Eg. 3 1 2 5 9 4 8 should be converted to<br /> 5 2 5 9 -1 8 -1</p>
<p><strong>Round 2:</strong><br /> 1. In a 2 D array where every row and column are sorted, give the nth smallest element</p>
<p>2. In a Binary tree, every element must contain the sum of its sub-trees<br /> Follow up question: how would you solve this if you can ONLY increment the value of a node<br /> Eg. If a node’s value is 20 and its sub-tree sum is 10, the node’s value can’t be set to 10 because you can only increment</p>
<p>3. Given n, find the smallest number for which product of the digits is n, if no such number exists, print -1<br /> Note: Digits can only be split as single digits, i.e., 132 can’t considered as 1 * 32 or 13 * 2, it would only be 1 * 3 * 2<br /> Eg. Answer for 36 would be 49</p>
<p><strong>Round 3:</strong><br /> 1. Convert a Binary tree into another binary tree whose in-order traversal gives a sorted list<br /> This has to be done in-place</p>
<p>Eg.</p>
<pre><code>        1
    2       3
 4   5   6     7

should be converted into

        4
    2       6
 1   3   5     7</code></pre>
<p>If you like GeeksforGeeks and would like to contribute, you can also write an article and mail your article to contribute@geeksforgeeks.org. See your article appearing on the GeeksforGeeks main page and help other Geeks.</p>
<p>   </p>
<p>Tags: <a href="http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/tag/amazon/">Amazon</a>, <a href="http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/tag/interview-experience/">Interview Experience</a></p>
<div id="source-75" class="section level3">
<h3>Source</h3>
<p><a href="http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/amazon-interview-set-68-for-sde-1/" class="uri">http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/amazon-interview-set-68-for-sde-1/</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>

