<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8" />
  <meta http-equiv="Content-Style-Type" content="text/css" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>Amazon Interview | Set 71 (For SDE-2)</title>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body>
<div id="amazon-interview-set-71-for-sde-2" class="section level1 post-title">
<h1>Amazon Interview | Set 71 (For SDE-2)</h1>
<p>Recruitment Drive – Delhi (22 March 2014)<br /> Position SDE-2<span id="more-127667"></span></p>
<p><strong>1st Round – Coding and Algo (50 Minutes)</strong></p>
<p>1. Find In order predecessor in BST.<br /> 2. Find Nodes which are at “K” distance from given node.</p>
<p>Interview asked to explain logic and write full code with all boundary conditions.</p>
<p><strong>2nd Round – Design Round (50 Mins)</strong></p>
<p>1. Asked about abstract classes and abstract class there uses and where they have to used.</p>
<p>Asked me to design online cab booking system for amazon. Then asked me to design High Level diagram for it.</p>
<p>If you like GeeksforGeeks and would like to contribute, you can also write an article and mail your article to contribute@geeksforgeeks.org. See your article appearing on the GeeksforGeeks main page and help other Geeks.</p>
<p><strong>3rd Round – Coding and Algo Round ( 1 Hour)</strong></p>
<p>1. Asked to explain how to check Binary tree is BST? then asked me to write whole code of it.</p>
<p>2. Then asked me about assembly line problem. <a href="http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/dynamic-programming-set-34-assembly-line-scheduling/" class="uri">http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/dynamic-programming-set-34-assembly-line-scheduling/</a></p>
<p>3. Then asked me to solve Knapsack Problem <a href="http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/dynamic-programming-set-10-0-1-knapsack-problem/" class="uri">http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/dynamic-programming-set-10-0-1-knapsack-problem/</a></p>
<p><strong>4th Round – Manager Round (45 Min)</strong></p>
<p>Asked me about my experience with current company and details of my project<br /> Then asked about singleton pattern.</p>
<p>If you like GeeksforGeeks and would like to contribute, you can also write an article and mail your article to contribute@geeksforgeeks.org. See your article appearing on the GeeksforGeeks main page and help other Geeks.</p>
<p>   </p>
<p>Tags: <a href="http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/tag/amazon/">Amazon</a>, <a href="http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/tag/interview-experience/">Interview Experience</a></p>
<div id="source-78" class="section level3">
<h3>Source</h3>
<p><a href="http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/amazon-interview-set-71-sde-2/" class="uri">http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/amazon-interview-set-71-sde-2/</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>

