<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8" />
  <meta http-equiv="Content-Style-Type" content="text/css" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>Amazon Interview | Set 73 (For SDE-1)</title>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body>
<div id="amazon-interview-set-73-for-sde-1" class="section level1 post-title">
<h1>Amazon Interview | Set 73 (For SDE-1)</h1>
<p>I have been interviewed for SDE1 by amazon. Here are the questions.<span id="more-127808"></span></p>
<p><strong>1st Round – Online Coding</strong><br /> 1. Contiguous elements in an array whose sum is k.<br /> 2. Convert sorted array to binary search tree.</p>
<p><strong>2nd Round – Telephonic</strong><br /> 1. Implement stack with Push, Pop, GetMin and GetMax in constant time. Algo + Code<br /> 2. Given a matrix, sorted both horizontally and vertically, algo and code for finding an element in it. Algo<br /> 3. Given a stream of characters, convert it to a sentence with valid words. Assume you have a function IsWord which returns true if the passed string is a word. He asked me to write code and mail him. Algo + Code<br /> Ex: Iamgoodboy – I am good boy</p>
<p><strong>3rd Round – Telephonic</strong><br /> 1. Given an array of characters, find the longest continuous non-repeating sequence of characters. Algo + Code<br /> Ex: aabcdefdghiajk – efdghiajk<br /> I have given a hash based solution, so he asked me to write a custom hashfunction and how to handle collisions.<br /> 2. Find the next largest palindrome number of the given number. Algo + Code<br /> Ex: 120 -121, 123 – 131</p>
<p><strong>4th Round – InHouse technical round</strong><br /> 1. Find the mirror image of a binary tree. Algo + Code<br /> 2. Given a string, find the largest repetitive sequence. Algo + Code<br /> Ex: abcdefbcd – bcd, banana – ana</p>
<p><strong>5th Round – InHouse technical round</strong><br /> 1. Given a string, remove ‘a’, ‘bc’ from the string and print the<br /> result. Algo + Code<br /> Ex: asdbc – sd<br /> 2. You will be receiving an infinite sequence of numbers continuously<br /> and at any particular moment find the 10 largest ten numbers received<br /> till now. Algo</p>
<p><strong>6th Round – Bar raiser round</strong><br /> 1. Given a graph, find the nodes which are at less than k distance<br /> from the given node.<br /> Continuation: find all the nodes which are less than k distance from m<br /> nodes. Algo + Code<br /> 2. Implement a queue using an array. All base conditions. Code<br /> 3. Given a very big array of millions of integers, find sum of all the elements.<br /> Parallel processing and threads is the answer. Threads concept,<br /> synchronisation and so many of it.<br /> 4. OS concepts – virtual memory, paging, process states, paging algos.<br /> 5. In detailed explanation of projects done till date.</p>
<p><strong>7th Round – Manager Round</strong><br /> Asked dilemma situation. Any process development work, work experience and all.</p>
<p>geeksforgeeks helped me to refresh all kinds of topics. Thank you.</p>
<p>If you like GeeksforGeeks and would like to contribute, you can also write an article and mail your article to contribute@geeksforgeeks.org. See your article appearing on the GeeksforGeeks main page and help other Geeks.</p>
<p>   </p>
<p>Tags: <a href="http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/tag/amazon/">Amazon</a>, <a href="http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/tag/interview-experience/">Interview Experience</a></p>
<div id="source-80" class="section level3">
<h3>Source</h3>
<p><a href="http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/amazon-interview-set-73-for-sde-1/" class="uri">http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/amazon-interview-set-73-for-sde-1/</a></p>
<p></p>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>

