<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8" />
  <meta http-equiv="Content-Style-Type" content="text/css" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>Amazon Interview | Set 83</title>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body>
<div id="amazon-interview-set-83" class="section level1 post-title">
<h1>Amazon Interview | Set 83</h1>
<p><span><strong>Written (50 Minutes)</strong></span></p>
<p><span id="more-129167"></span></p>
<ul>
<li><span>20 aptitude and general cs objective questions</span></li>
<li><span>Code : Find minimum # elements to be removed from int array so that max element is &lt;= 2x of min element</span></li>
<li><span>Code : For given array a of size n we create a set of a[i] , a[a[i]] , a[a[a[i]]] ….. i varies from 0 to n-1 , find the max size of such set.</span></li>
</ul>
<p><span><strong>Face to Face 1Â </strong></span></p>
<ul>
<li><span>Design MP3 player which would play only unique songs in random order from given list of songs</span></li>
<li><span>Code : Print left and right most elements at all levels of a binary tree.</span></li>
<li><span>Max elements in sliding window of size k over int array of size n.Â </span></li>
</ul>
<p><span><strong>Face to Face 2</strong></span></p>
<ul>
<li><span>Code : Find min element at given level in binary tree</span></li>
<li><span>How would you combine lots of big sorted files residing on disk ( file size &gt;&gt;&gt; memory )Â </span></li>
<li><span>What happens when you enter URL in browser.</span></li>
<li><span>Design multiple stacks in a Single one big int array as efficient as possible ( real world example multiple process function stacks creation and deletion in memory of linux os )</span></li>
</ul>
<p><span><strong>Face to Face 3Â </strong></span></p>
<ul>
<li><span>Discussion on challenging work projects.</span></li>
<li><span>Design in-memory file system.</span></li>
</ul>
<p><span><strong>Last round Telephonic</strong></span></p>
<ul>
<li><span>Toughest work projectÂ experience.</span></li>
<li><span><span>A robot standing at top left corner of a grid, it can only move in right or bottom direction , determine total number of possible paths are their to reach bottom right corner.</span></span></li>
<li><span>Code : Prune binary tree so that only nodes which are part of K-Heavy path remains, K-Heavy path means total of all elements in a path from root to leaf is &gt; K. </span><span><br /> </span></li>
</ul>
<p>If you like GeeksforGeeks and would like to contribute, you can also write an article and mail your article to contribute@geeksforgeeks.org. See your article appearing on the GeeksforGeeks main page and help other Geeks.</p>
<p>   </p>
<p>Tags: <a href="http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/tag/amazon/">Amazon</a>, <a href="http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/tag/interview-experience/">Interview Experience</a></p>
<div id="source-90" class="section level3">
<h3>Source</h3>
<p><a href="http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/amazon-interview-set-83/" class="uri">http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/amazon-interview-set-83/</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>

