<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8" />
  <meta http-equiv="Content-Style-Type" content="text/css" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>Amazon Interview | Set 90</title>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body>
<div id="amazon-interview-set-90" class="section level1 post-title">
<h1>Amazon Interview | Set 90</h1>
<p><strong>1. Phone Interview</strong><br /> a. Given sorted array in decreasing order. Find first occurrence of given key.<span id="more-130015"></span><br /> b. Find diameter of a binary tree.</p>
<p><strong>2. Face to face 1 (Programing skill)</strong><br /> a. http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/dynamic-programming-set-31-optimal-strategy-for-a-game/<br /> b. Merge N sorted lists to a single sorted list but comparisons should be minimum</p>
<p><strong>3. Face to face 2 (DS round)</strong><br /> a. 1 represent A, 2 rep B etc and 26 rep Z. Given a number, find number of possible decoding for this number. No need to consider number starts with zero. Eg: input – 1234, output – 3(ABCD, AWD, LCD)<br /> b. How to find a loop in linked list. How to remove this loop.<br /> c. How to design LRU cache(looking for the DS’s used and their interaction)</p>
<p><strong>4. Face to face 3(Design)</strong><br /> a. A device need to upgrade and downgrade its software. Eg: mobile phone need to upgrade its OS. Design high level and low level.<br /> (follow-up – 1. form version X to Y is not possible but z can. 2. from current version to latest version not possible but we can upgrade to an intermediate version and then to latest version. What<br /> DS will be effective here)<br /> b. Design a semaphore.</p>
<p><strong>5. Face to face 4(curtain raiser)</strong><br /> a. HR questions including prev projects, best work etc<br /> b. Given a linked list where each node contains an extra arbitrary pointer which points to any node in the list. Write code to clone the list.<br /> b. Print vertical sum of a binary tree.<br /> c. Print a binary tree in vertical zig-zag order.</p>
<p><strong>6. Manager round</strong><br /> a. manager round HR questions. Team fit questions etc.<br /> b. Given a mathematical expression. How to design this expression evaluator using OOPs concept.</p>
<p>Each round consists of 1 to 1.30 Hrs.</p>
<p>If you like GeeksforGeeks and would like to contribute, you can also write an article and mail your article to contribute@geeksforgeeks.org. See your article appearing on the GeeksforGeeks main page and help other Geeks.</p>
<p>   </p>
<p>Tags: <a href="http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/tag/amazon/">Amazon</a>, <a href="http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/tag/interview-experience/">Interview Experience</a></p>
<div id="source-97" class="section level3">
<h3>Source</h3>
<p><a href="http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/amazon-interview-set-90/" class="uri">http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/amazon-interview-set-90/</a></p>
<p></p>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>

