<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8" />
  <meta http-equiv="Content-Style-Type" content="text/css" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>Amazon Interview | Set 84</title>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body>
<div id="amazon-interview-set-84" class="section level1">
<h1>Amazon Interview | Set 84</h1>
<p>I attended a hiring event for Amazon in world trade center in bangalore.</p>
<p><strong>First round was coding test (Written round) :</strong><span id="more-129219"></span><br /> 1. Given a string of parenthesis, write a function if it is balanced.<br /> 2. Convert BST to a Doubly linked list.<br /> 3. Find the number of occurrences of words in a paragraph.</p>
<p><strong>First Round :</strong><br /> 1. Asked Why Amazon?<br /> 2. Asked some questions on resume.<br /> After some friendly talk, jumped on technical but easy questions :<br /> 1. Implement BFS.<br /> 2. Difference between Dijkstra and BFS.<br /> 3. Given a linked list, find out if the list is circular, also find the point from where the cycle start.<br /> 4. Given an array, find the max sum over a sub array.<br /> 5. If you have two eggs, how many max steps you need to find the floor, from which the eggs break.<br /> And some more easy questions.</p>
<p>It was already 5, so they decided to have further rounds later.</p>
<p>10 days later I had attended interviews :</p>
<p><strong>First Round :</strong><br /> 1. Asked about heaps, given an array, tell if it is min heap, if not, apply operation min-heapify.<br /> 2. Is a heap a complete binary tree?<br /> 3. Asked What is hashmap.<br />      a. What happens when two numbers map to same key?<br />      b. how does chaining work?<br />      c. What to do when you have a bad hashing function, and only we can modify the structure of hashmap not hashing function?<br />      d. What do to when you your hashmap is filled completely (as in all the linked list are filled up to their capacity)<br /> 4. What is quicksort? Implement for a linked list and tell complexity.</p>
<p><strong>Second Round :</strong><br /> 1. What is quicksort?<br />      a. What is complexity when all elements are sorted and how can you improve it? (Randomization)<br />      b. Will randomization work when elements are same?<br />      c. What algorithms sort equal elements in O(n) time ?<br />      d. using the information, how can you improve quick-sort? Think about it, its good. Don’t want to spoil it for you by writing answer here.<br />      e. implement this modification.</p>
<p>2. Given two river banks (visualization : two parallel lines), one bank has numbers written (1….n) in sorted order. On the other bank the numbers (1…n) are arranged randomly. A bridge can be formed from the ith point from bank 1 to ith point in bank 2. Find the max number of non-intersecting bridges you can form?</p>
<p>3. Given 1…n , and given some statements like i hates j, then find some arrangement of n numbers such that if i hates j then in the arrangement i comes before j. Say 1 hates 2, then 123456789 is acceptable but 213456789 is not.</p>
<p>4. Asked about internet. What happens when you type a URL on your browser?</p>
<p><strong>Third Round (Hiring Manager):</strong><br /> 1. Why do you want to leave current company?<br /> 2. Why do you think amazon is the right place for you?<br /> 3. Implement a calculator which takes a maths expression and evaluates it and prints the result.<br /> 4. Given statements like A is connected to B. D is connected to E. And transitive connections are allowed. Write a code which takes input such connected statements and and two numbers i and j and returns true if i and j are connected (can be transitively), and false if not connected.</p>
<p>If you like GeeksforGeeks and would like to contribute, you can also write an article and mail your article to contribute@geeksforgeeks.org. See your article appearing on the GeeksforGeeks main page and help other Geeks.</p>
<p>   </p>
<p>Tags: <a href="http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/tag/amazon/">Amazon</a>, <a href="http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/tag/interview-experience/">Interview Experience</a></p>
<div id="source-91" class="section level3">
<h3>Source</h3>
<p><a href="http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/amazon-interview-set-84/" class="uri">http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/amazon-interview-set-84/</a></p>
<p></p>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>

