<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8" />
  <meta http-equiv="Content-Style-Type" content="text/css" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>Amazon Interview | Set 88</title>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body>
<div id="amazon-interview-set-88" class="section level1">
<h1>Amazon Interview | Set 88</h1>
<p><strong><span>Online Test:</span></strong></p>
<ol>
<li>Rectangle overlap problem</li>
<li>String searching problem</li>
<li>Coin change problem</li>
</ol>
<p><span id="more-129832"></span><br /> <strong><span>1st Telephonic interview:</span></strong></p>
<p>Questions regarding processes in OS(how it is represented in memory like code segment, data segment, stack , heap), garbage collection , stack and heap , what happens when a URL is entered in browser and then proceeded to 2 programming questions</p>
<ol>
<li>Given a BST, transform it into sum tree where each node contains sum of all nodes greater than that node.</li>
<li>Shuffle an array</li>
</ol>
<p>(All arrangements were done by Amazon including travel, stay)</p>
<p> </p>
<p><span><strong>Onsite F2F 1:</strong></span></p>
<p>Started with general introduction , asked about my work , know any design patterns and where you applied them in your project etc.</p>
<p>He asked a single question to design a single stack with push , pop and pop mid operations , followed by working code.</p>
<p> </p>
<p><span><strong>F2F2:</strong></span></p>
<p>Again started with general introduction , work i do , then he gave a question about finding count of each occurrence of words in a document.</p>
<p>I gave hashing based solution (with working code), it lead to a great discussion on hashing , then he led me to give a solution with tries . As much time is not left he asked me to tell the approach only.</p>
<p> </p>
<p><span><strong>F2F3 (With Bar raiser):</strong></span></p>
<p>Bar raiser will be from a different team.</p>
<p>He asked me a question to connect siblings at each levels of a binary tree , as i knew this question already. He wanted working code. After i gave the code he found a bug and i found one myself.After resolving the code he moved on to different question.</p>
<p>Next question is optimal implementation of 3 or more stacks in a single array.I gave some approached based on heuristics and with extra memory.He dint seem satisfied and then asked many questions about work i do and grilled me on many aspects.</p>
<p> </p>
<p><span><strong>F2F4(With Hiring Manager):</strong></span></p>
<p>Asked me to design Automated Air traffic controller system . Gave me few requirements , made me identify classes and its members , and some high level code for identifying probable aircraft collisions.</p>
<p>He asked me about situations where i missed the deadlines and learnings from it , How do you build trust with Customer .</p>
<p>Then i asked him few questions like What specific qualities you look for in a potential candidate , How an SDE can contribute to Amazons claim to be most customer centric company and any concerns about my employment background (as i am working in manufacturing industry currently).</p>
<p>Interviews were held <span class="aBn" tabindex="0" data-term="goog_430111035"><span class="aQJ">on friday</span></span> , i got a call from HR lady <span class="aBn" tabindex="0" data-term="goog_430111036"><span class="aQJ">on Tuesday</span></span> following week.</p>
<p> </p>
<p><strong>Some tips:</strong></p>
<ol>
<li>Practice lot of pen and paper code.</li>
<li>Folks at amazon do not want pseudo code , they want working code with minimal syntactical errors.</li>
<li>Online plus telephonic rounds are for screening only.Also , Don’t pass the time in telephonic rounds, they want to give at least two questions (easy though)</li>
<li>McDowell’s book and recent 40 sets of amazon interview experiences will make you good to go.</li>
</ol>
<p>If you like GeeksforGeeks and would like to contribute, you can also write an article and mail your article to contribute@geeksforgeeks.org. See your article appearing on the GeeksforGeeks main page and help other Geeks.</p>
<p>   </p>
<p>Tags: <a href="http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/tag/amazon/">Amazon</a>, <a href="http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/tag/interview-experience/">Interview Experience</a></p>
<div id="source-95" class="section level3">
<h3>Source</h3>
<p><a href="http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/amazon-interview-set-88/" class="uri">http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/amazon-interview-set-88/</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>

