<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8" />
  <meta http-equiv="Content-Style-Type" content="text/css" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>Amazon Interview | Set 82 (For SDE-2)</title>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body>
<div id="amazon-interview-set-82-for-sde-2" class="section level1 post-title">
<h1>Amazon Interview | Set 82 (For SDE-2)</h1>
<p><strong>Round 1 (F2F):</strong><br /> 1) Find the merge point between two lists.<span id="more-129039"></span><br /> 2) Given a sorted array find the number of BSTs you can form.</p>
<p><strong>Round 2 (F2F):</strong><br /> 1) Discussion projects i have worked on.<br /> 2) Given millions of files process them sequentially in multiple stages and make sure it has good scalabilty, error handling, elegantly handles changes to the system. etc.</p>
<p><strong>Round 3 (F2F):</strong><br /> 1) Given a matrix with each cell containing each number of candies, and a constraint that you can move only right or down, from the top left corner to the bottom right corner, find the path that gets you maximum candies.<br /> 2) Convert a Binary tree to its mirror in-place.</p>
<p><strong>Round 4 (Telephonic + online coding):</strong><br /> Given a continuous stream of strings, maintain strings such that duplicate are eliminated on the fly. The interviewer wanted working code. So coded the solution during the interview and emailed it to him 10 mins after.<br /> So if you get “Ted”, “John”, “Mark”, “Ted”, “David”, at the moment in<br /> time, the list should contain John, Mark, David.</p>
<p><strong>Round 5 (Hiring manager in US, telephonic + online coding):</strong><br /> 1) Discussion on current projects.<br /> 2) Why Amazon<br /> 3) BFS vs DFS<br /> 4) Given a function to getFriends that gets a list of profiles of friends of a particular friend, implement a function to get the shortest path between two given profiles.</p>
<p>If you like GeeksforGeeks and would like to contribute, you can also write an article and mail your article to contribute@geeksforgeeks.org. See your article appearing on the GeeksforGeeks main page and help other Geeks.</p>
<p>   </p>
<p>Tags: <a href="http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/tag/amazon/">Amazon</a>, <a href="http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/tag/interview-experience/">Interview Experience</a></p>
<div id="source-89" class="section level3">
<h3>Source</h3>
<p><a href="http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/amazon-interview-set-82-for-sde-2/" class="uri">http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/amazon-interview-set-82-for-sde-2/</a></p>
<p></p>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>

