<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8" />
  <meta http-equiv="Content-Style-Type" content="text/css" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>Amazon Interview | Set 81 (For SDE-I)</title>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body>
<div id="amazon-interview-set-81-for-sde-i" class="section level1 post-title">
<h1>Amazon Interview | Set 81 (For SDE-I)</h1>
<p>Hello Geeks, I had interview in amazon few days before. I’m sharing you my experience. It was for SDE-I Profile for Hyderabad(India) location.<span id="more-129029"></span></p>
<p><strong>Round 1: Online Coding(Interviewstreet)</strong><br /> Q1. Print the nth largest node of the given BST. In this question you will have to write a function.</p>
<p>Q2. Convert the BST into sorted doubly linked list. In this question also you will have to write a function.</p>
<p>Q3 &amp; Q4 was simple algorithm based.</p>
<p><strong>Round 2: Telephonic Interview-I</strong><br /> Q1. Given Matrix, and co-ordinates of sub-matrix of given matrix find sum.</p>
<pre><code> Eg            1  2  3
               4  5  6
               7  8  9

    Coordinates for submatrix 1,1 and 2,2
    Sum= 28  </code></pre>
<p>Q2. Given a linked list reverse every n chunks.<br /> EG: 1 -&gt; 2 -&gt; 3 -&gt; 4 -&gt; 5 -&gt; 6…n = 3</p>
<p>Output: 3 -&gt; 2 -&gt; 1 -&gt; 6 -&gt; 5 -&gt; 4…</p>
<p>later they extended this Question…If there is only one node and give many conditions.</p>
<p><strong>Round 3: Telephonic Round-II</strong><br /> Q1. Design a data structure for insertion, deletion &amp; get minimum element in O(1)time complexity? Implement the same.</p>
<p>Q2. Given a Binary Search Tree and two nodes find parent node which is parent of both nodes in a given binary search tree. Later the they extended it to simple binary tree.</p>
<p><strong>Round 4: F2F-I</strong><br /> Q1. Is given n-ary tree is Sum tree or not? implement function…</p>
<p>Q2. find Nth largest element in an array</p>
<p><strong>Round 5: F2F-II</strong><br /> Q1. Vertical traversal Order of tree(implement it).</p>
<p>Q2. Lots of discussion on project.</p>
<p><strong>Round 6: F2F-III</strong><br /> Q1. Given a circular array and a pointer find the given element in the array.</p>
<p>Q2. Lots of discussion on current company &amp; company’s work.</p>
<p><strong>Round 7: F2F-IV</strong><br /> Explain:<br /> 1. Customer Producer problem,<br /> 2. Semaphore<br /> 3. Deadlock how to solve it.</p>
<p>Q: Favorite Sorting Algorithm.why,where to use it? and various question on the sorting algorithm which I answered.</p>
<p>Every time they ask for time complexity for code. Ask to optimize my solution.</p>
<p>If you like GeeksforGeeks and would like to contribute, you can also write an article and mail your article to contribute@geeksforgeeks.org. See your article appearing on the GeeksforGeeks main page and help other Geeks.</p>
<p>   </p>
<p>Tags: <a href="http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/tag/amazon/">Amazon</a>, <a href="http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/tag/interview-experience/">Interview Experience</a></p>
<div id="source-88" class="section level3">
<h3>Source</h3>
<p><a href="http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/amazon-interview-set-81-for-sde-i/" class="uri">http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/amazon-interview-set-81-for-sde-i/</a></p>
<p></p>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>

