<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8" />
  <meta http-equiv="Content-Style-Type" content="text/css" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>Amazon Interview | Set 93</title>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body>
<div id="amazon-interview-set-93" class="section level1 post-title">
<h1>Amazon Interview | Set 93</h1>
<p>I have just completed a full interview with Amazon and wanted to give back to GeeksForGeeks my experience because it has helped me so so much to go through it.<span id="more-130096"></span></p>
<p><strong>1st phone interview</strong><br /> Why Amazon?<br /> How do you find out the cause of a slow UI request?<br /> Write function to convert a stream of incoming characters to an integer.<br /> Write function to convert one character to one digit number.</p>
<p><strong>2nd phone interview</strong><br /> Get nth to last element<br /> Check if 2 binary trees are equal recursively and iteratively</p>
<p><strong>On-site interview</strong><br /> 1st interview<br /> Write a url shortner. Design scalable architecture that host this service.</p>
<p><strong>2nd interview</strong><br /> Array vs linked list. Rest vs Soap. What is a hashtable? Write code to handle hashtable collisions?</p>
<p><strong>3rd interview (lunch)</strong><br /> Situation where you missed a deadline.<br /> What are you proud of the most in your career?<br /> Situation on how you handled conflict.<br /> Other behaviour questions</p>
<p><strong>4th interview</strong><br /> Why Amazon?<br /> Build a clone of a binary tree sent from a different machine</p>
<p><strong>5th interview</strong><br /> Design and implement algorithm to find the shortest path from start to finish of a maze.</p>
<p>I thank GeeksForGeeks for all the help it gave me.</p>
<p> <br /> If you like GeeksforGeeks and would like to contribute, you can also write an article and mail your article to contribute@geeksforgeeks.org. See your article appearing on the GeeksforGeeks main page and help other Geeks.</p>
<p>   </p>
<p>Tags: <a href="http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/tag/amazon/">Amazon</a></p>
<div id="source-99" class="section level3">
<h3>Source</h3>
<p><a href="http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/amazon-interview-set-93/" class="uri">http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/amazon-interview-set-93/</a></p>
<p></p>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>

