<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8" />
  <meta http-equiv="Content-Style-Type" content="text/css" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>Amazon Interview | Set 96 (On-Campus for Internship)</title>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body>
<div id="amazon-interview-set-96-on-campus-for-internship" class="section level1 post-title">
<h1>Amazon Interview | Set 96 (On-Campus for Internship)</h1>
<p>I’m a 3rd year grad and amazon visited our campus. My interview had only 3 rounds.<span id="more-130193"></span></p>
<p><strong>Round 1 (Online round 20 MCQ’s and 2 coding questions )</strong><br /> MCQ’s were mostly on data structures ,time complexities and C,C++ outputs with 2 aptitude questions.<br /> 1) Given 2 linked lists of digits as data in their nodes add two numbers.</p>
<pre><code>        Eg:  1 -&gt; 2 -&gt; 3 -&gt; 4    and 4-&gt;3
        print 1 - &gt; 2 -&gt; 7 -&gt; 7 </code></pre>
<p>2) given few sets of intervals print out the the entire intervals without overlapping , if they overlap then combine them into one.</p>
<pre><code>       Eg:    Input :    (5,7) (1 , 6) (2 ,4) (10 ,14) (8,9)
              Output :   (1,7) (8,9) (10,14)</code></pre>
<p><strong>Round 2 (F2F)</strong><br /> Tell me something about yourself.<br /> 1) Convert a BST into inorder, preorder and postorder linkedlists inplace.</p>
<p>2) Make a queue out of 2 stacks, as it was easy he asked me to code and asked me the complexities.</p>
<p>3) Given a linked list with a loop find the loop and make it straight . I did with HashMap but he told me not to use extra space so i told him floyd’s cycle.</p>
<p>He asked me i had any questions.</p>
<p><strong>Round 3(F2F) (After lunch)</strong><br /> 1) Given a Binary tree convert into a BST no auxillary space (i did it with an inorder traversal) he asked me to code.</p>
<p>2) Given an infinite stream of characters find the first non repeating character at any instance , The storing,retrieval should be o(1) .<br /> I told him a solution using a hashmap then he modified that he may have millions of unique characters not just alphabets.<br /> i gave a solution with a linked list and a hashmap. This question was not asked to me but was to my friend .Its a good one.</p>
<p>3) print all the binary values of number from 1 to n , each number’s binary should be printed in 0(1).<br /> for eg: n = 6<br /> then print 1 10 11 100 101 110. printing 1, 10 ,11 ,100,101,110 should be in o(1) each</p>
<p>I thank Geeksforgeeks for letting me know about Floyd’s cycle .</p>
<p>If you like GeeksforGeeks and would like to contribute, you can also write an article and mail your article to contribute@geeksforgeeks.org. See your article appearing on the GeeksforGeeks main page and help other Geeks.</p>
<p>   </p>
<p>Tags: <a href="http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/tag/amazon/">Amazon</a></p>
<div id="source-101" class="section level3">
<h3>Source</h3>
<p><a href="http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/amazon-interview-set-96-campus-internship/" class="uri">http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/amazon-interview-set-96-campus-internship/</a></p>
<p></p>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>

