<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8" />
  <meta http-equiv="Content-Style-Type" content="text/css" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>Amazon Interview | Set 95 (For SDE-I)</title>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body>
<div id="amazon-interview-set-95-for-sde-i" class="section level1 post-title">
<h1>Amazon Interview | Set 95 (For SDE-I)</h1>
<p>Hi, Below is my interview experience for Amazon for SDE-I position.<span id="more-130132"></span></p>
<p><strong>Round-1(F2F)</strong><br /> 1.) Traverse a binary tree in a spiral manner. (zig-zag manner)<br /> 2.) Given a number, find the just greater number than the given number containing the same digits as the given number. Write code for this.</p>
<p><strong>Round-2(F2F)</strong><br /> 1.) Print a binary tree in a level order traversal but in bottom to top manner.<br /> 2.) Given 2 BSTs, validate their equality. Both are equal if they consist of the same set of values<br /> irrespective of their structures. (Can you traverse them parallely).<br /> 3.) Given a infinite stream of integers, find the first non-repeated number till now. Write code for this.</p>
<p><strong>Round-2(F2F)</strong><br /> 1.) Given a binary tree, convert it into doubly linked list and after the conversion, the linked list should<br /> look like the post order traversal of the binary tree. The conversion should be in-place. What is the time and space complexity of the program.<br /> 2.) Given the following sequence<br /> A, B, C,…..Z, AA, AB, AC,…….AZ, BA,…..BZ…..ZZ, AAA…..<br /> 1, 2, 3,…..26,27………………………………………..<br /> Given n, return the string. What is the time and space complexity of the program.<br /> Write code for this.</p>
<p><strong>Round-4(F2F) – with Hiring Manager</strong><br /> 1.) Given an array, return the second largest number. Write code for this.<br /> You can not modify the array, just traverse the array once and return the required number.<br /> Handle all the edge cases. What should be the function signature.<br /> 2.) Given two files which contain very large size of number, say the size of the file is 5 GB.<br /> That means that you can not load the whole file into memory. How would you add these two files and store the result in another file. Long discussion on optimization.</p>
<p> <br /> If you like GeeksforGeeks and would like to contribute, you can also write an article and mail your article to contribute@geeksforgeeks.org. See your article appearing on the GeeksforGeeks main page and help other Geeks.</p>
<p>   </p>
<p>Tags: <a href="http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/tag/amazon/">Amazon</a></p>
<div id="source-100" class="section level3">
<h3>Source</h3>
<p><a href="http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/amazon-interview-set-95-sde/" class="uri">http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/amazon-interview-set-95-sde/</a></p>
<p></p>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>

