<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8" />
  <meta http-equiv="Content-Style-Type" content="text/css" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>Amazon Interview | Set 99 (On-Campus)</title>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body>
<div id="amazon-interview-set-99-on-campus" class="section level1 post-title">
<h1>Amazon Interview | Set 99 (On-Campus)</h1>
<p>Amazon interview experience :-</p>
<p><strong>1st Round :-</strong><br /> 20 mcq and 2 coding questions<span id="more-130434"></span><br /> 1. Left view of binary tree<br /> 2. addition of 3 link list</p>
<p><strong>2nd round F2F :-</strong><br /> 1. check listlist is palindrome or not<br /> 2. level order traversal in spiral form</p>
<p><strong>3rd round :-</strong><br /> 1. Length of the longest substring without repeating characters<br /> 2. Length of the longest substring who occur more than one in string<br /> like :- geeksforgeek so answer is geek.</p>
<p><strong>4th round :-</strong><br /> tell me abt ur self<br /> check tree is BST or not and code for it<br /> Check number is power of 2 or not<br /> what is Dns<br /> difference btw TCP and UDP<br /> one tough question is which i dont remember but it i dont know how to solve this question but interviewer help me alot to crack this question and ask me to code for my algorithm.</p>
<p><strong>5th round(HR round) :-</strong><br /> 1. about myself<br /> 2. 15 min. about my project<br /> 3. given a string return character whose count is 1 and position is right most… example :- aabccddefff so b and e count 1 :- so return e.<br /> 4. given a newspaper you have to find word in it.. so i solve it by trie.</p>
<p><strong>suggestions :-</strong><br /> 1. if you dont know answer of coding question so dont worry interviewer will help you. He always give you hint and you have to think on that way.<br /> 2. GeeksforGeek<br /> 3. Always say interviewer what is your intrest subject.</p>
<p>If you like GeeksforGeeks and would like to contribute, you can also write an article and mail your article to contribute@geeksforgeeks.org. See your article appearing on the GeeksforGeeks main page and help other Geeks.</p>
<p>   </p>
<p>Tags: <a href="http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/tag/amazon/">Amazon</a></p>
<div id="source-104" class="section level3">
<h3>Source</h3>
<p><a href="http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/amazon-interview-set-99-campus/" class="uri">http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/amazon-interview-set-99-campus/</a></p>
<p></p>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>

