<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8" />
  <meta http-equiv="Content-Style-Type" content="text/css" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>Amazon Interview | Set 106 (On Campus for Internship)</title>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body>
<div id="amazon-interview-set-106-on-campus-for-internship" class="section level1 post-title">
<h1>Amazon Interview | Set 106 (On Campus for Internship)</h1>
<p>Amazon came to our campus recently for placements and internships. I attended for internship and i am sharing my experience here.<span id="more-130584"></span></p>
<p><strong>First Round: Online:</strong><br /> 20 MCQs based on basic aptitude,OS,C programming and data structures.<br /> 2 coding questions:<br /> 1st: Consider a coordinate system consisting of n coordinates from (x1,y1)…..(xn,yn)<br /> Also there are two values ymin and ymax given to you. You have to return min(D) where D is x^2 + y^2 for all y lying between ymin and ymax inclusive. If there is no such y then return -1.</p>
<p>2nd: Given a number n and a number k. You have to find the next bigger number from n which is obtained after exaclty k swaps.<br /> Eg: Take n=43592169 and k=5<br /> 1st swap: 43952169<br /> 2nd swap: 49352169<br /> 3rd swap: 94352169<br /> 4th swap: 94532169<br /> 5th swap: 95432169 :- final number.</p>
<p><strong>First Interview:</strong><br /> 1. Check if a linked list is palindrome or not.<br /> 2. Given an array of n integers(positive or negative). Find the maximum sum of subsequence of the array and also total number such arrays possible having the maximum sum.</p>
<p><strong>Second Interview(Final):</strong><br /> 1. A linked list consists of two pointers: a next pointer and a child pointer. We have to make the linked list linear i.e. making all the child pointers NULL.</p>
<pre><code>eg:  1-&gt;2-&gt;3-&gt;4
     |     |
     5-&gt;6  8
     |
     7
answer would be:
     1-&gt;2-&gt;3-&gt;4-&gt;5-&gt;6-&gt;8-&gt;7. </code></pre>
<p>2. Given a distance n. A person standing at position 0 has to reach n. He can either take 1 step or 2 steps at a time. In how many ways he can reach there.</p>
<p>Finally some definitions from OOPS, OS and basic data structures.</p>
<p>I was finally hired for the Internship at Amazon. I would like to thanks Geeks for Geeks which helped me a lot in my preparation.</p>
<p>If you like GeeksforGeeks and would like to contribute, you can also write an article and mail your article to contribute@geeksforgeeks.org. See your article appearing on the GeeksforGeeks main page and help other Geeks.</p>
<p>   </p>
<p>Tags: <a href="http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/tag/amazon/">Amazon</a></p>
<div id="source-111" class="section level3">
<h3>Source</h3>
<p><a href="http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/amazon-interview-set-106-campus-internship/" class="uri">http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/amazon-interview-set-106-campus-internship/</a></p>
<p></p>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>

