<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8" />
  <meta http-equiv="Content-Style-Type" content="text/css" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>Amazon Interview | Set 107 (For SDE-1)</title>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body>
<div id="amazon-interview-set-107-for-sde-1" class="section level1 post-title">
<h1>Amazon Interview | Set 107 (For SDE-1)</h1>
<p>I finished interviews at Amazon few days back. Here is my interview experience:<span id="more-130586"></span></p>
<p><strong>Telephonic round (Screening):</strong><br /> 1) Discussion around work in current company. Why Amazon?<br /> 2) You are given an infinite sorted array containing only numbers 0 and 1. Find the transition point efficiently.<br /> 3) He gave me some function and asked me to arrive at the complexity of it.</p>
<p><strong>F2F-I:</strong><br /> 1) Brief discussion on work in current company<br /> 2) Flatten linked list – http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/flatten-a-linked-list-with-next-and-child-pointers/<br /> 3) Design a data structure which holds number 1 to n such that insert, remove(this operation will take in a number between 1 to n as argument and remove that number from data structure if it exists) and get valid element in the data structure operations are done with O(1) complexity<br /> <strong><br /> F2F-2:</strong><br /> 1) Brief discussion of work in current company<br /> 2) Find and print longest consecutive number sequence in a given sequence</p>
<pre><code>    Ex: Input: 1 2 5 3 6 8 7
       Output: 5 6 7 8 </code></pre>
<p>3) A fair die is thrown k times. What is the probability of sum of k throws to be equal to a number n?</p>
<p><strong>F2F-3:</strong><br /> 1) Brief discussion of work in current company. Why Amazon?<br /> 2) Why do you want to leave current company? What do you like most and dislike most about your current company?<br /> 3) Sum two numbers represented by linked list iteratively and recursively.<br /> 4) You are given an infinite sorted array containing only numbers 0 and 1. Find the transition point efficiently.</p>
<p><strong>F2F-4:</strong><br /> 1) Lots of HR, behavioral and team fit questions<br /> 2) User statistics are logged in the following format –</p>
<pre><code>    user_id|page|time at which page was accessed
   We need to identify most followed 3 page sequence by users.
   Example:
      Input: U1|Page1|05/08/2014 10:00
               U1|Page2|05/08/2014 10:01
               U1|Page3|05/08/2014 10:02
               U1|Page4|05/08/2014 10:03
               U2|Page2|05/08/2014 10:02
               U2|Page3|05/08/2014 10:04
               U2|Page4|05/08/2014 10:05
               U3|Page3|05/08/2014 10:04
               U3|Page4|05/08/2014 10:05
               U3|Page5|05/08/2014 10:06
      Output: Most followed 3 page sequence for the input is
              Page2 -&gt; Page3 -&gt; Page4. </code></pre>
<p>If you like GeeksforGeeks and would like to contribute, you can also write an article and mail your article to contribute@geeksforgeeks.org. See your article appearing on the GeeksforGeeks main page and help other Geeks.</p>
<p>   </p>
<p>Tags: <a href="http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/tag/amazon/">Amazon</a></p>
<div id="source-112" class="section level3">
<h3>Source</h3>
<p><a href="http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/amazon-interview-set-107/" class="uri">http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/amazon-interview-set-107/</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>

