<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8" />
  <meta http-equiv="Content-Style-Type" content="text/css" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>Amazon Interview | Set 118 (On-Campus for Internship)</title>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body>
<div id="amazon-interview-set-118-on-campus-for-internship" class="section level1 post-title">
<h1>Amazon Interview | Set 118 (On-Campus for Internship)</h1>
<p>The selection procedure consisted of an online round followed by two Personal Interviews.<span id="more-130926"></span></p>
<p><strong>Online Round</strong>:</p>
<p>The first round had 20 MCQs and two coding questions. The MCQs were based on the concepts from OS, DSA, compilers, architecture etc.</p>
<p>The coding questions were:</p>
<p>1. Given an array of positive and negative numbers, arrange them in an alternate fashion such that every positive number is followed by negative and vice-versa maintaining the order of appearance.</p>
<p>2. Given a n x m matrix, print the elements diagonal wise from top to bottom.</p>
<p><strong>First round of PI</strong> :</p>
<p>1. Given a number n find the number of balanced parentheses expressions of that length.</p>
<p>Input: 2</p>
<p>Output: 1 which is (),</p>
<p>Input: 4</p>
<p>Output: 2 which are (()) and ()().</p>
<p>I gave a complex solution involving segment tree in which he pointed out the mistakes and then asked to write a code to check if a given expression is balanced or not.</p>
<p>2. Tell something about LRU. What DS will you use for it? Write pseudo code for it.</p>
<p>(Hint : Quite simple..Use doubly LL)</p>
<p><strong>Second round of PI:</strong></p>
<p>The interviewer introduced himself first and then asked me about myself.</p>
<p>We had a discussion on my projects.</p>
<p>1. Given two binary trees, write pseudo code to determine if one is a subtree of the other. I answered it and then he modified the question to check if the other tree elements are the subset of the elements of the first tree. (Hint: Inorder traversal)</p>
<p>2. Given a sorted circular linked list which is rotated at some point, write pseudo code to insert a new node. Ex: 8 1 2 5 7 and insert 6.</p>
<p>If you like GeeksforGeeks and would like to contribute, you can also write an article and mail your article to contribute@geeksforgeeks.org. See your article appearing on the GeeksforGeeks main page and help other Geeks.</p>
<p>   </p>
<p>Tags: <a href="http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/tag/amazon/">Amazon</a></p>
<div id="source-123" class="section level3">
<h3>Source</h3>
<p><a href="http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/amazon-interview-set-118-campus-internship/" class="uri">http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/amazon-interview-set-118-campus-internship/</a></p>
<p></p>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>

