<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8" />
  <meta http-equiv="Content-Style-Type" content="text/css" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>Amazon Interview | Set 121 (On-Campus for SDE-1)</title>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body>
<div id="amazon-interview-set-121-on-campus-for-sde-1" class="section level1 post-title">
<h1>Amazon Interview | Set 121 (On-Campus for SDE-1)</h1>
<p>5-quant, 15 technical, (no verbal reasoning and English).</p>
<p>1) Given 2 binary trees check if it is symmetric (structure only not data).<span id="more-130987"></span><br /> 2) Remove duplicates in a string in O(n) time (order of input must be preserved)</p>
<p><strong>Round-1</strong><br /> 1. Heaps-insertion.<br /> 2. Advantages of heaps over arrays.<br /> 3. Find 2nd min element from given array<br /> 4. Given an array and a sum s find all pairs of numbers which whoose sum=s<br /> (assume array is already sorted)space complexity-O(1),time complexity-O(n)</p>
<p><strong>Round-2</strong><br /> 1. Given a tree construct a mirror tree and return root of mirror tree.<br /> 2. Level order traversal of a tree.<br /> 3. Given a stack output a sorted stack.(hint use recursion).</p>
<p><strong>Round-3</strong><br /> 1. Given a tree populate the sibiling of the tree node with the next node in same level.space complexity-O(1).<br /> 2. What happens when you type amazon.com in browser.</p>
<p><strong>Round-4</strong><br /> 1. Linked list problem <a href="http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/write-a-function-to-get-the-intersection-point-of-two-linked-lists/" class="uri">http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/write-a-function-to-get-the-intersection-point-of-two-linked-lists/</a><br /> 2. A simple problem in linked list.</p>
<p>If you like GeeksforGeeks and would like to contribute, you can also write an article and mail your article to contribute@geeksforgeeks.org. See your article appearing on the GeeksforGeeks main page and help other Geeks.</p>
<p>   </p>
<p>Tags: <a href="http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/tag/amazon/">Amazon</a></p>
<div id="source-126" class="section level3">
<h3>Source</h3>
<p><a href="http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/amazon-interview-set-121-campus-sde-1/" class="uri">http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/amazon-interview-set-121-campus-sde-1/</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>

