<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8" />
  <meta http-equiv="Content-Style-Type" content="text/css" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>Amazon Interview | Set 115 (On-Campus)</title>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body>
<div id="amazon-interview-set-115-on-campus" class="section level1 post-title">
<h1>Amazon Interview | Set 115 (On-Campus)</h1>
<p>Hai, recently amazon visited our campus for recruitment. Here is my amazon experience.<span id="more-130766"></span></p>
<p>1000 people attend round 1<br /> <strong>Round 1: (1.30 hrs)</strong><br /> 20 MCQ’s + 2 coding question<br /> 19 MCQ’s were from os,c++,java and single mcq from probability<br /> Coding questions:<br /> 1. Find maximum sum in a array,such that no two elements are adjacent.<br /> For example 3,2,7,10 should return 13, sum of 3 and 10. Handle for negative cases too.<br /> 2. Given a binary search tree,print the sum of all nodes that are in same axis (Modification of vertical order traversal)</p>
<p>I attended 12 mcq’s. There was negative marking,so i attended the questions which i was very confident and did both programs.<br /> I was confident that i will clear the round 1.</p>
<p><strong>Round 2: (Group Fly Activity) ( 1 hr)</strong><br /> Around 36 people were shortlisted for second round.<br /> We were divided into many groups and each group was alloted a mentor.<br /> Two questions were given and we have to discuss the approach with mentor and only after getting his approval we have to code.<br /> 1. Given a monotonically increasing and then decreasing array with duplicates and a key, return true if key exists in array.<br /> 2. Given k sorted arrays of different or equal sizes, merge them into a single sorted array.<br /> Thanks to mentor, he was very cool and helpful, I did both the codes and handled corner cases too.</p>
<p><strong>Round 3: (30-45 min)</strong><br /> 18 people were shortlisted for third round and i was one among them.<br /> First the interviewer asked to tell about myself.<br /> Then he asked why i had low cgpa when compared with my school marks.<br /> Then came the first question<br /> 1) Given n ropes of different length, combine them into a single rope,such that total cost is minimum. You can tie two ropes at a time,and cost of tying is sum of length of ropes.</p>
<p>First i gave a solution similar to insertion sort in a linked list,he was not satisfied, and then I gave a min heap approach. He asked for time complexity. I got wrong,so he asked what steps u will do and time complexity for each step. He added all the step cost and asked me to arrive at final time complexity.<br /> After this, I got correct.</p>
<p>Then he asked about 2nd code in group fly activity.I used merge sort for it and he asked why i had used merge sort,and asked to improve the code.<br /> Then i gave a min heap solution (:P we discussed after group round). He asked me to code it. I was not good at heaps. I tried my best but unable to arrive at working code<br /> So finally he asked if i had any questions for him. I asked about amazon’s environment.After this i thanked and left.<br /> I was sure that i will be eliminated and i was eliminated.<br /> Only 10 people went to 4th round and 3 people were hired finally.<br /> Here are some mistakes done by me<br /> It was first f2f for me and i was very nervous and had butterflies in stomach, which ultimately decreased my performance.<br /> I was not confident about the answer i gave.<br /> My communication skills were very poor.<br /> So try to avoid the mistakes done by me.</p>
<p>If you like GeeksforGeeks and would like to contribute, you can also write an article and mail your article to contribute@geeksforgeeks.org. See your article appearing on the GeeksforGeeks main page and help other Geeks.</p>
<p>   </p>
<p>Tags: <a href="http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/tag/amazon/">Amazon</a></p>
<div id="source-120" class="section level3">
<h3>Source</h3>
<p><a href="http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/amazon-interview-set-115-on-campus/" class="uri">http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/amazon-interview-set-115-on-campus/</a></p>
<p></p>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>

