<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8" />
  <meta http-equiv="Content-Style-Type" content="text/css" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>Amazon interview Experience | Set 131 (For SDET 1)</title>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body>
<div id="amazon-interview-experience-set-131-for-sdet-1" class="section level1">
<h1>Amazon interview Experience | Set 131 (For SDET 1)</h1>
<p>Amazon visited my college and offered me SDET-I position. GeeksforGeeks helped a real lot in my interview preparation. Thank you very much GeeksforGeeks!<span id="more-131662"></span></p>
<p>Here is my interview experience:</p>
<p><strong>Round 1 (On-line Coding Round on HackerRank):</strong><br /> 1. Given an array of sorted integers which represent box sizes and an integer representing an item size<br />     You have to find best fit box for the item (-1 in case of no box found)<br />   For example:<br />     Given 10,20,30,40,50,60,70 and 45<br />       You have to print 50<br />     Given 10,20,30,40,50,60,70 and 75<br />       You have to print -1<br />       Given 10,20,30,40,50,60,70 and 50<br />     You have to print 50<br /> 2. <a href="http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/forums/topic/find-a-string-inside-a-2-dimensional-array/">http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/forums/topic/find-a-string-inside-a-2-dimensional-array/<br /></a></p>
<p><strong><br /> F2F 1:</strong><br /> 1. Given an array of integers<br /> you have to output sequence a1,a2,a3,a4,a5,a6,a7 such that a1a3a5a7<br />     For example:<br />     Given 10,20,30,40,50,60,70<br />       You have to print 10, 30, 20, 50, 40, 70, 60<br /> At first, I gave answer using sorting. But my interviewer asked me to do this without sorting the input array, and I did it.<br /> 2. A simple question on Tree data structure which i don’t remember.<br /> 3. Questions related to my project.</p>
<p><strong><br /> F2F 2:</strong><br /> 1. A matrix is given which is sorted row wise and column wise<br /> You have to print the sorted order.<br />     For example:<br />     Given<br />        1 2 3 4 6 8<br />        2 3 3 4 7 8<br />        2 3 4 5 7 8<br />        2 3 4 5 8 8<br />        3 4 4 6 8 9<br />        4 5 5 7 8 9<br />     You have to print sorted order<br /> 2. Questions related to my project during my internship.</p>
<p><strong>F2F 3:</strong><br /> 1.What happens when we type amazon.com<br /> Relating to this the interviewer asked me every step in detail including all 7 layers of networks.<br /> Protocols like: HTTP, HTTPS, DHCP, DNS, IMAP, POP, TCP, UDP etc. Their uses and differences.<br /> 2. Describe ACID property of a transaction (DBMS).</p>
<p><strong>Bar Raiser(Telephonic):</strong><br /> 1. Given a singly linked list, write a recursive method to reverse every 3 nodes in the list.<br /> He asked me to inform if I have seen the question.<br /> And I replied : Yes sir, it is the similar question I faced in coding round of Amazon-internship last year.<br /> But he didn’t changed the question.<br /> I solved it with a silly mistake which i corrected when mentioned.<br /> 2. Long discussion on my internship and about the projects I have worked on.<br /> 3. Tell about your criticism.<br /> 4. 3 weaknesses currently i am working.</p>
<p>If you like GeeksforGeeks and would like to contribute, you can also write an article and mail your article to contribute@geeksforgeeks.org. See your article appearing on the GeeksforGeeks main page and help other Geeks.</p>
<p>   </p>
<p>Tags: <a href="http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/tag/amazon/">Amazon</a></p>
<div id="source-136" class="section level3">
<h3>Source</h3>
<p><a href="http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/amazon-interview-experience-set-131-sdet-1/" class="uri">http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/amazon-interview-experience-set-131-sdet-1/</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>

