<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8" />
  <meta http-equiv="Content-Style-Type" content="text/css" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>Amazon interview Experience | Set 138 (For SDE 1)</title>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body>
<div id="amazon-interview-experience-set-138-for-sde-1" class="section level1 post-title">
<h1>Amazon interview Experience | Set 138 (For SDE 1)</h1>
<p><strong>Screening round:</strong><br /> Three coding question on hackerEarth to be comiled against the testcases<br /> 1. Merge two sorted linked list into single one <span id="more-131889"></span><br /> 2. <a href="http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/difference-between-sums-of-odd-and-even-levels/" class="uri">http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/difference-between-sums-of-odd-and-even-levels/</a><br /> 3. <a href="http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/find-first-non-repeating-character-stream-characters/" class="uri">http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/find-first-non-repeating-character-stream-characters/</a></p>
<p><strong>Round -1</strong><br /> 1. Asked me again the logic for finding first non repeating char from a stream of character.<br /> Then the discussion went how hash map internally works and what is the principle behind it .<br /> How the hash conflict get resolved and write code for the same.</p>
<p>2. Find three triplet with a given sum in an array.<br /> 3. Find an element in an row and column wise sorted matrix.</p>
<p><strong>Round-2</strong><br /> 1. Find the majority element in an array.<br /> 2. Print out all the numbers in sorted order from row and column wise sorted matrix<br /> 3. How to find a given key in a sorted stream of array(less than 0(n) complexity required)<br /> 4. One more ques dont remember<br /> <strong><br /> Round-3 (HM round)</strong><br /> Lots of situational question being asked.(conflict with ur manager, ur say , leadership quality in you, ownership of project , problem solving capabiltiy)<br /> Lots of question on your owned projects.(Impact of this on your product and time to implement it)</p>
<p>two tech ques:<br /> 1.<a href="http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/stock-buy-sell/" class="uri">http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/stock-buy-sell/</a><br /> 2. write code to find whether the tree is BST or not.<br /> <strong><br /> Round-4</strong><br /> 1. In an array find three number which fits into pythagoras theorem(a^2+b^2=c^2).Find a,b,c<br /> 2. Find the number of island in a matrix of 0,1. The island which starts from edge of the matrix will not be considered island<br /> eg: no of island are 0 here<br /> 0100<br /> 0100<br /> 0000<br /> 0000</p>
<p><strong>Round-5</strong><br /> Lots of in depth question about your project and its impact on the product.<br /> Was asked to draw the architect diagram of the algorithm used in my project and explain with example.<br /> one tech ques : For a given string and given dictionary. Find all the anagrams of the string which are also present in the dictionary.ie the string shud be a valid dictionary word.</p>
<p>NOTE : I WAS REQUIRED TO CODE EACH AND EVERY QUESTION WITH PROPER SYNTAX AND EDGE TEST CASES on piece of paper after discussing the algorithm.</p>
<p>If you like GeeksforGeeks and would like to contribute, you can also write an article and mail your article to contribute@geeksforgeeks.org. See your article appearing on the GeeksforGeeks main page and help other Geeks.</p>
<p>   </p>
<p>Tags: <a href="http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/tag/amazon/">Amazon</a></p>
<div id="source-143" class="section level3">
<h3>Source</h3>
<p><a href="http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/amazon-interview-experience-set-138-sde-1/" class="uri">http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/amazon-interview-experience-set-138-sde-1/</a></p>
<p></p>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>

