<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8" />
  <meta http-equiv="Content-Style-Type" content="text/css" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>Amazon interview Experience | Set 136 (For SDE-T)</title>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body>
<div id="amazon-interview-experience-set-136-for-sde-t" class="section level1 post-title">
<h1>Amazon interview Experience | Set 136 (For SDE-T)</h1>
<p><strong>Phonic Interview</strong><br /> **********************<br /> 1. Let’s start with you introduction<br /> In between introduction he asked me about my some project work experience and How have you done?<span id="more-131787"></span></p>
<p>2. Take a integer as a input and replace all the ‘0’ with ‘5’.</p>
<pre><code>    For example:
    102 - 152
    1020 - 1525
    (Do not use any array for replacing the &#39;0&#39; to &#39;5&#39;) </code></pre>
<p>3. You are given two binary tree and write algorithm to check<br /> Are two Binary Trees mirror image of each other?</p>
<p>Amazon Interview for SDET @ Hydrabad Development Center<br /> ******************************************************************************</p>
<p><strong>1st Round</strong><br /> ************<br /> 1. Project Detail &amp; past experience</p>
<p>2. Current Technology i am working in</p>
<p>3. <a href="http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/intersection-of-two-sorted-linked-lists/" class="uri">http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/intersection-of-two-sorted-linked-lists/</a></p>
<p>4. Maximum Subsequent distinct &amp; contiguous sub array in a character array</p>
<p><strong>2nd Round</strong><br /> **************<br /> This round was purely for checking Test Framework and Test Case Knowledge.</p>
<p>He has given me some scenario and ask to write test cases for them</p>
<p>1. you are given a web page into that simply one browse button and Image Holder is their.Write the Test Cases for this.</p>
<p>2. You are given application like Google Analytics. How will you test this application ?</p>
<p>3. what are the basic features you will add into your own test framework.</p>
<p><strong>3rd Round</strong><br /> *************<br /> This round was purely a discussion based on past project experience.Like which project do you think that was most difficult and you had a nice experience.<br /> He asked me each progress point of the project.</p>
<p>1. how will you check that each page of amazon.com is having its logo or not.he also asked me to write code for this also.</p>
<p>2. Some Test Framework Based question like</p>
<p>3. Have you worked on any automation framework or not?</p>
<p>4. what happen between, when you enter a URL into a browser address bar and hit enter to actually page gets loaded ?</p>
<p>In between he asked me few things about DNS Server,Router etc and some discussion was there.</p>
<p><strong>4th Round</strong><br /> *************<br /> 1. <a href="http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/level-order-tree-traversal/" class="uri">http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/level-order-tree-traversal/</a></p>
<p>2. <a href="http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/reverse-level-order-traversal">http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/reverse-level-order-traversal/</a></p>
<p>3. Make a stack using 2 given queue.</p>
<p>4. Some Project Experience &amp; Automation Framework Discussion,which i have worked on.</p>
<p>5. There was some situational questions also for Team work.</p>
<p>If you like GeeksforGeeks and would like to contribute, you can also write an article and mail your article to contribute@geeksforgeeks.org. See your article appearing on the GeeksforGeeks main page and help other Geeks.</p>
<p>   </p>
<p>Tags: <a href="http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/tag/amazon/">Amazon</a></p>
<div id="source-141" class="section level3">
<h3>Source</h3>
<p><a href="http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/amazon-interview-experience-set-136-sde-t/" class="uri">http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/amazon-interview-experience-set-136-sde-t/</a></p>
<p></p>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>

