<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8" />
  <meta http-equiv="Content-Style-Type" content="text/css" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>Amazon Interview Experience | Set 148</title>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body>
<div id="amazon-interview-experience-set-148" class="section level1 post-title">
<h1>Amazon Interview Experience | Set 148</h1>
<p><strong>Round 1:</strong></p>
<p>1. Incoming stream of characters () defines an onion of depth 1, (()) of 2. Find all onions with their in an incoming stream of characters. Discuss complexity.<span id="more-132752"></span><br /> Stream can be (()) () )) ((( (</p>
<p>2. Biggest challenge faced / where you innovated?</p>
<p>Resume Project:<br /> i. Demonstrate High Level Design</p>
<p>3. Parking Lot Problem A, B , C lots with different car sizes. Efficient way of allocating available slot.<br /> A: Maintain linked list of available slots. Complexity discussion.</p>
<p><strong>Round 2:</strong></p>
<p>1. Matrix of 1s and 0s. 1s are sorted in beginning of each row. Find<br /> an efficient way of finding the row with maximum 0s in it.<br /> A: Find row which has lowest sum. Complexity discussion.</p>
<pre><code>e.g.
1 1 1 0 0 0
1 1 0 0 0 0
1 1 1 1 1 1
1 1 1 0 0 0
1 1 1 1 0 0 </code></pre>
<p>2. How to find two sets(of size m,n) are dis-joint(have no elements common) efficiently<br /> A: Use hash map. Complexity is O(n) in worst case.<br /> Follow up Q: How are hash maps stored in memory?</p>
<p>If you like GeeksforGeeks and would like to contribute, you can also write an article and mail your article to contribute@geeksforgeeks.org. See your article appearing on the GeeksforGeeks main page and help other Geeks.</p>
<p>   </p>
<p>Tags: <a href="http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/tag/amazon/">Amazon</a></p>
<div id="source-153" class="section level3">
<h3>Source</h3>
<p><a href="http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/amazon-interview-experience-set-148/" class="uri">http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/amazon-interview-experience-set-148/</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>

