<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8" />
  <meta http-equiv="Content-Style-Type" content="text/css" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>Amazon Interview Experience | Set 143 (Off-Campus for SDE-1)</title>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body>
<div id="amazon-interview-experience-set-143-off-campus-for-sde-1" class="section level1 post-title">
<h1>Amazon Interview Experience | Set 143 (Off-Campus for SDE-1)</h1>
<p>Experience: 5 months</p>
<p><strong>F2F: 1st round</strong><br /> 1. Tell me about your college project.<span id="more-132364"></span><br /> 2. Write a Code to check if linked list is a palindrome without using extra space.<br /> 3. Write a Code to print zizzag traversal of tree.</p>
<p><strong>F2F: 2nd round</strong><br /> 1. Tell me about your college project.<br /> 2. Tell me about your current project.<br /> 3. Nodes of a binary tree are randomly inserted in to an array Write a Code to tell the index in array where root of tree is present.<br /> 4. Given an array whose size is</p>
<p><strong>F2F: 3rd round(Hiring manager)</strong><br /> 1. Deep discussion about my current project i am working on.<br /> 2. Discussion on my college project and how its useful for company like Amazon.<br /> 3. write a code to insert an element in sorted circular linked list.<br /> 4. write a code to find the nth Fibonacci number.<br /> 5. Design an linux file system.<br /> 6. Puzzle:Given 9 coins out of which 8 are of same weight except one and you are given<br /> a Beam balance.you have to find that one coin in minimum no. of comparasions.</p>
<p><strong>F2F: 4th round (senior Technical manager)</strong><br /> 1. Deep Discussion on my current Project.he asked every minute detail of my project.<br /> 2. given an sorted array of integers and an element x write a code to find the number of<br /> occurrences of x in array if not present return -1.<br /> 3. write a code to find the median in a running stream of integers.<br /> 4. Some behavioral questions like: why do you want to leave your previous company so early?<br /> Tell me some incidents when you haven’t meet the deadline and what do you have learn from that? etc</p>
<p>I would like to thanks GeeksforGeeks for providing us such a useful platform for interview Preparation.</p>
<p>If you like GeeksforGeeks and would like to contribute, you can also write an article and mail your article to contribute@geeksforgeeks.org. See your article appearing on the GeeksforGeeks main page and help other Geeks.</p>
<p>   </p>
<p>Tags: <a href="http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/tag/amazon/">Amazon</a></p>
<div id="source-148" class="section level3">
<h3>Source</h3>
<p><a href="http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/amazon-interview-experience-set-143-campus-sde-1/" class="uri">http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/amazon-interview-experience-set-143-campus-sde-1/</a></p>
<p></p>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>

