<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8" />
  <meta http-equiv="Content-Style-Type" content="text/css" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>Amazon Interview Experience | Set 152 (Kindle Team SDE-1 )</title>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body>
<div id="amazon-interview-experience-set-152-kindle-team-sde-1" class="section level1">
<h1>Amazon Interview Experience | Set 152 (Kindle Team SDE-1 )</h1>
<p>Recently I have participated in Amazon SDE interview for Chennai location Kindle team. Kindle team has arrived Bangalore location to take drive.<span id="more-132877"></span></p>
<p>I have given 8 rounds</p>
<p>Questions- Answers are as below</p>
<p><strong>R-1) Written Test 1 :</strong></p>
<p>Three codes were asked :</p>
<p>1) Find whether given LinkedList is Palindrome or not</p>
<p>2) Find Whether given Binary Tree is Binary Search Tree or not<br /> Code : <a href="www.gohired.in/2014/07/check-binary-tree-is-binary-search-tree.html" class="uri">www.gohired.in/2014/07/check-binary-tree-is-binary-search-tree.html</a></p>
<p>3) Create Regular expression and String Matching program for ? and *, where. * means any null or character may appear instead *. and ? means one or more previous character may appear in string.<br /> example<br /> input :<br /> AM*AZO?N*, AMAZON<br /> AM*AZO?N*, ABAZOO<br /> Both are matching as per rules of ? and *.</p>
<p>After removing several candidates from process they conducted second round written.</p>
<p><strong>R-2 ) Written Test 2 :</strong></p>
<p>1) Stoke prices are given in array. Find for which duration I can buy and sell Shares to get maximum profit.<br /> We need to first explain our method and then star writing code.<br /> – After this round some 20 candidates left.</p>
<p><strong>R-3) Face to Face Round 1 :</strong></p>
<p>They discussed for all this 4 questions and why I choose to write this answer, some modification in question to see whether u can think more in deep , or several conditions changed, and they asked to redesign/rewrite answer.</p>
<p><strong>R-4) Face to Face Round 2 :</strong></p>
<p>Q1) Class diagram of one system ( don’t remember question)</p>
<p>Q2) Find Leader in Array ( Leader means an element which is higher than all number which are indexed higher than element )<br /> Solution Traverse array from behind to find such elements (simple method)</p>
<p>Q3) K sorted Linked Lists are given sort them in one ( write sudeo code )<br /> Then he told me to give logic to solve question without using auxiliary array ( result array )<br /> I did with in-place method, searching and storing nodes in one linkedlist only.</p>
<p><strong>R-5) Face to Face Round 3 :</strong></p>
<p>Only One question was asked : Rotate Array “D”times.</p>
<p>Different strategies discueed, He was impressed with my another method to find new array location based upon array size N and D.</p>
<p><strong>R-6) Face to Face Round 4 :</strong></p>
<p>Questions were from different topics like</p>
<p>    -OS fundamentals<br /> like fork, child process creation and output if I use fork().<br /> What is deadlock, write sample C code to create deadlock.<br /> What is mutex, etc.</p>
<p>     SQL Fundamentals.<br /> Data Structure used in Query,<br /> Sample Query like finding Manger’s name and Fundamentals of join</p>
<p>     -Other General Quesions<br /> How Google Search engine works. Where Query goes their server, data storing etc<br /> What happens when you click on website address.</p>
<p>     -Design GAME.<br /> GAME is like two players are fighting and ( kind of street fighter ) and design class diagrams and methods for this GAME, I can think any functionalists(like health, power, help from friend, etc ) any extra thing apart from which he mentioned.</p>
<p>    – API is given, and this API servers different clients,<br /> Now one client has requirement so that functionality changes, but other clients dont need such functionality, how will you design your system.</p>
<p>    – OOPS fundamentals were discussed like<br /> Static, Class can be protected or not, overloading and overriding difference and implementation of them,</p>
<p>Software patters discussed like Factory and Abstract Factory</p>
<p>Singleton and how to implement it.</p>
<p>    Last Question was, If I want to store student data such that some students took Physics, some took Chemistry and some took both. I want to know all details of students, mark, name etc also. which way I’ll implement this system, which Data Structure will be used, and which design pattern.</p>
<p>After All this round I was told to go home and Hiring Manager Round will be taken onsite at Chennai, I was told.</p>
<p>for One month my rounds were not scheduled.</p>
<p>One fine day I got change to give Project Manager round over phone ( they said Senior Manager will take onsite round and then HR round will be there)</p>
<p><strong>Round 7) Hiring Manager Round.</strong></p>
<p>Over call he asked me first question</p>
<p>Q1) Array is given which is of 0 and 1, all connected 1 forms island.<br /> Find largest size island in given Array,<br /> I have provided working code, He then asked me to optimize and again writing code.</p>
<p>Q2) Design LRU system. I have explained this<br /> and also class diagram and pseudo working code was submitted.</p>
<p>Again for 20 days I didnt got call from HR and when I used to mail him, He simply replied that my candidature is on hold as Senior Manager is not free to take my next round.</p>
<p>And Today Again I got call that I am rejected. because Hiring Manager is not convinced from my approach in round,</p>
<p>I still don’t know what went wrong as both code given to HM were working.</p>
<p>If you like GeeksforGeeks and would like to contribute, you can also write an article and mail your article to contribute@geeksforgeeks.org. See your article appearing on the GeeksforGeeks main page and help other Geeks</p>
<p>   </p>
<p>Tags: <a href="http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/tag/amazon/">Amazon</a></p>
<div id="source-157" class="section level3">
<h3>Source</h3>
<p><a href="http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/amazon-interview-experience-set-152-kindle-team-sde-1/" class="uri">http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/amazon-interview-experience-set-152-kindle-team-sde-1/</a></p>
<p></p>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>

