<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8" />
  <meta http-equiv="Content-Style-Type" content="text/css" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>Amazon Interview Experience | Set 168</title>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body>
<div id="amazon-interview-experience-set-168" class="section level1 post-title">
<h1>Amazon Interview Experience | Set 168</h1>
<p><strong>Interview 1:</strong><br /> The interviewer asked me about my resume which was followed by the following question.Given a function mapped from integers to real numbers,<span id="more-133610"></span> which strictly increases upto a certain point say A and strictly decreases after it, write a function to find this point.The solution was a simple binary search, the trick being to reach the other side of the peak. This can be achieved iteratively increasing ‘x’ and checking for a downward slope condition. The step could be constant, but an exponential increase would let to the point faster. I was asked to prove this by giving the recurrence relation and hence showing the complexity. I was further asked to code the entire algorithm using any language of my choice where I used c.</p>
<p><strong><br /> Interview 2</strong><br /> The interviewer asked me about networks in relation to sockets and ports when he saw an academic project that was mentioned in my resume.<br /> The interview questions were as follows:<br /> 1) Given a binary tree where value at each node is a single digit, find the sum of numbers generated by each root to leaf path. He also asked to code the primary function for the same. I couldn’t find the exact question on geeksforgeeks, but this one is close enough <a href="http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/find-the-maximum-sum-path-in-a-binary-tree/" class="uri">http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/find-the-maximum-sum-path-in-a-binary-tree/</a></p>
<p>2) Given a numpad such that every number is associated with a set of letters, give all combinations of strings that could be formed given a string of numbers. He also asked to code the primary function for the same.<br /> Solution: <a href="http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/find-possible-words-phone-digits/" class="uri">http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/find-possible-words-phone-digits/</a></p>
<p><strong><br /> Interview 3</strong><br /> 1) Given an array of integers, find a subset of numbers from this array such that, after negating the elements of this set, the total sum of all elements would be equal to zero.<br /> I could not solve the problem and he moved on to the next one after giving me a hint to use Dynamic Programming</p>
<p>2) Given two sorted arrays find the median of the merged array without using extra space. I gave an O(N) Solution and he asked me to give an O(log(N)) solution,which I gave after I put in some thought</p>
<p>3) Print a binary tree in a zigzag order level wise. I gave an implementation using a doubly ended queue, he wasn’t satisfied as this would lead to extra space complexity for storing the levels in the d-queue. He was pleased when I decided to use 2 queues for the same. He further asked me to code it up</p>
<p><strong>Interview 4</strong><br /> 1) The interviewer asked me about the types of database I knew and elaborated a bit on non-relational databases like mongodb and JSON.</p>
<p>2) Next, he asked me the need for indexing in databases and it’s implementation.</p>
<p>3) In an auctioning system, the bidder with the highest bid wins but charged at kth highest price. Develop a system for it. Solved it using a hashmap. Was asked to write a code for the same.</p>
<p>4) Given an array such that all elements except one are duplicate, find this element. Solution: <a href="http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/forums/topic/finding-non-duplicate-element-from-array/" class="uri">http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/forums/topic/finding-non-duplicate-element-from-array/</a> He tweeked the problem to add the condition that in stead of one there are 2 such elements. I couldn’t arrive to a solution even after he gave me some hints. In the end he gave me the answer but immediately said that it may not work. I realized why it did work and explained the reason for the same.</p>
<p>If you like GeeksforGeeks and would like to contribute, you can also write an article and mail your article to contribute@geeksforgeeks.org. See your article appearing on the GeeksforGeeks main page and help other Geeks.</p>
<p>   </p>
<p>Tags: <a href="http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/tag/amazon/">Amazon</a></p>
<div id="source-173" class="section level3">
<h3>Source</h3>
<p><a href="http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/amazon-interview-experience-set-168/" class="uri">http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/amazon-interview-experience-set-168/</a></p>
<p></p>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>

