<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8" />
  <meta http-equiv="Content-Style-Type" content="text/css" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>Amazon Interview Experience | Set 166 (For SDE I)</title>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body>
<div id="amazon-interview-experience-set-166-for-sde-i" class="section level1 post-title">
<h1>Amazon Interview Experience | Set 166 (For SDE I)</h1>
<p><strong>Telephonic 1:-</strong></p>
<p>1. Light is falling on a tree from left side you have to find all the nodes on which this light will fall. <span id="more-133595"></span></p>
<p>2. Check whether a link list is palindrome or not.</p>
<p>3. Minimum Edit Distance.</p>
<p><strong><br /> Telephonic 2:-</strong></p>
<p>1. ZigZag traversal of tree</p>
<p>2. Pair wise elements which sum to a given value</p>
<p>3. Intersection point of two linklists</p>
<p><strong>F2F round 1:-</strong></p>
<p>1. Maximum in sliding window</p>
<p><strong>F2F round 2:-</strong></p>
<p>1. You have a list of program files, how will you decide which file to compile first and which later, what data structure you will use for storing these dependencies.</p>
<p>2. Best Fit</p>
<p>3. You have been given time intervals of a you tube video watched mostly. You have to find out the most watched time interval, so that you can put an ad in between that section.</p>
<p><strong>F2F round 3:-</strong></p>
<p>1. Find a number in an infinite stream of sorted numbers.</p>
<p>2. What happens when a computer starts?</p>
<p>3. Write a hashing function for storing stream of words.</p>
<p><strong><br /> F2F round 4:-</strong></p>
<p>1. A lot about my projects, what is the best thing you have done so far.</p>
<p>2. Populate sibling pointers in a tree.</p>
<p>3. TCP/IP, http/https, how to establish a secure connection or send an encrypted data, PPP protocol.</p>
<p>4. Virtual memory.</p>
<p>Thanks a lot geeksforgeeks for helping me a lot in my interview preparation.</p>
<p>If you like GeeksforGeeks and would like to contribute, you can also write an article and mail your article to contribute@geeksforgeeks.org. See your article appearing on the GeeksforGeeks main page and help other Geeks.</p>
<p>   </p>
<p>Tags: <a href="http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/tag/amazon/">Amazon</a></p>
<div id="source-171" class="section level3">
<h3>Source</h3>
<p><a href="http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/amazon-interview-experience-set-166-sde/" class="uri">http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/amazon-interview-experience-set-166-sde/</a></p>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>

