<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8" />
  <meta http-equiv="Content-Style-Type" content="text/css" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>Amazon Interview Experience | Set 163 (For SDE II)</title>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body>
<div id="amazon-interview-experience-set-163-for-sde-ii" class="section level1 post-title">
<h1>Amazon Interview Experience | Set 163 (For SDE II)</h1>
<p>Recently I attended amazon bangalore interview for SDE 2 position. All f2f and no phone/written screening as i had attended one before and cleared those. <span id="more-133452"></span>Total 5 rounds and below are the details.</p>
<p><strong>1)</strong> Coding<br /> Given 2 nodes in a binary tree, find the length of the path connecting them (standard)</p>
<p><strong>2)</strong> Coding<br /> Given an continuous input stream of characters, find a method to get the earliest/oldest non repeated character at any time in O(1).(solved using a doubly linked list and array combo)</p>
<p><strong>3)</strong> Hiring Manager<br /> Questions regarding the past projects, challenges (Important! please search google for preparation grid and fill it up, be honest, be consize, your interviewer has gone through hundreds of filmsy, shaky and all kinds of project descriptions and don’t think you can fool him.)</p>
<p><strong>4)</strong> Design round<br /> Design a system where a buyer puts a notification to the social networking site about his transaction.</p>
<p><strong>5)</strong> Bar raiser<br /> Past project discussion, design a cab service system, how would you define the standerds to be ahead of your customers, how to handle scalability issue.</p>
<p>Note:<br /> Brush up coding style, you may know the logic, but don’t keep much hope if the code is messy, lengthy and without boundary checks, practice writing code on paper which can run without any modification.<br /> Think loud, the interviewer is ready to help you, even to the extent of going into your code and finding bugs, and that does not make you look bad.<br /> Think all possible angles when designing. if the line goes down, if there’s a meteor hitting the server, someone is using the design after 20 years, so what might happen. scalability is important for amazon. Prepare your project details and think of your real fault, real problems to tell the manager.</p>
<p>If you like GeeksforGeeks and would like to contribute, you can also write an article and mail your article to contribute@geeksforgeeks.org. See your article appearing on the GeeksforGeeks main page and help other Geeks.</p>
<p>   </p>
<p>Tags: <a href="http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/tag/amazon/">Amazon</a></p>
<div id="source-168" class="section level3">
<h3>Source</h3>
<p><a href="http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/amazon-interview-experience-set-163-sde-ii/" class="uri">http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/amazon-interview-experience-set-163-sde-ii/</a></p>
<p></p>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>

