<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8" />
  <meta http-equiv="Content-Style-Type" content="text/css" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>Amazon Interview Experience | Set 162</title>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body>
<div id="amazon-interview-experience-set-162" class="section level1 post-title">
<h1>Amazon Interview Experience | Set 162</h1>
<p><strong>Round 1:</strong></p>
<p>Q-1: <a href="http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/dynamic-programming-set-32-word-break-problem/" class="uri">http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/dynamic-programming-set-32-word-break-problem/</a> <span id="more-133410"></span></p>
<p><strong>Round 2:</strong></p>
<p>Q-1: <a href="http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/search-an-element-in-a-sorted-and-pivoted-array/" class="uri">http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/search-an-element-in-a-sorted-and-pivoted-array/</a></p>
<p>Q-2: Given a string of 0s and 1s, count the number of substring which start and end with 1.</p>
<p>I was rejected after round 2 because I did not do well in round 1, was put on hold.</p>
<p>Was called again</p>
<p><strong>Round 1:</strong></p>
<p>Q-1: <a href="http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/write-c-code-to-determine-if-two-trees-are-identical/" class="uri">http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/write-c-code-to-determine-if-two-trees-are-identical/</a></p>
<p>Q-2: <a href="http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/convert-an-arbitrary-binary-tree-to-a-tree-that-holds-children-sum-property/" class="uri">http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/convert-an-arbitrary-binary-tree-to-a-tree-that-holds-children-sum-property/</a></p>
<p><strong>Round 2:</strong></p>
<p>Q-1: In a tennis tournament of N players every player plays with every other player.<br /> The following condition always hold-<br /> If player P1 has won the match with P2 and player P2 has won from P3, then Player P1 has also defeated P3.<br /> Find winner of tournament in O(N) time and O(1) space. Find rank of players in O(NlogN) time.</p>
<p>Q-2: Given N scientists and K black holes, each scientist can query on radius, size and temperature of a black hole, what data structure would you use?<br /> Following queries are important.<br /> Which scientist had queried on which black hole.<br /> What were the queries made by that scientist.</p>
<p><strong>Round 3.</strong><br /> Q-1: <a href="http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/maximum-sum-path-across-two-arrays/" class="uri">http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/maximum-sum-path-across-two-arrays/</a></p>
<p>Q-2: <a href="http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/dice-throw-problem/" class="uri">http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/dice-throw-problem/</a></p>
<p><strong>Round 4:</strong></p>
<p>Discussion on current project in company and college problem.</p>
<p>Questions on OS.</p>
<p>Q-1: Given 2 files find common words.<br /> Both files are too large to be loaded in memory.</p>
<p>Q-2: Point of inflexion in an infinite mathematical graph which is strictly increasing then strictly decreasing. Simple binary search was not the solution.</p>
<p>If you like GeeksforGeeks and would like to contribute, you can also write an article and mail your article to contribute@geeksforgeeks.org. See your article appearing on the GeeksforGeeks main page and help other Geeks.</p>
<p>   </p>
<p>Tags: <a href="http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/tag/amazon/">Amazon</a></p>
<div id="source-167" class="section level3">
<h3>Source</h3>
<p><a href="http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/amazon-interview-experience-set-162/" class="uri">http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/amazon-interview-experience-set-162/</a></p>
<p></p>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>

