<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8" />
  <meta http-equiv="Content-Style-Type" content="text/css" />
  <meta name="generator" content="pandoc" />
  <title>Amazon Interview Experience | Set 169 (For SDE 2)</title>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="stylesheet.css" />
</head>
<body>
<div id="amazon-interview-experience-set-169-for-sde-2" class="section level1 post-title">
<h1>Amazon Interview Experience | Set 169 (For SDE 2)</h1>
<p>Recently I was interviewed for the position of SDE 2 I have 4 years of work experience .Following were the asked.<span id="more-133612"></span></p>
<p>Note: For all of the question production level code was required.</p>
<p><strong>Round 1:</strong><br /> 1.Write a program to convert a integer to its form in a given language .<br /> For example 112345 Could be one hundred twelve thousand three hundred forty five or One lac twelve thousand three hundred forty five.</p>
<p>2.Find the top k frequent items in a stream of numbers Space O(k)</p>
<p><strong>Round 2:</strong><br /> It was basically a design round .<br /> 1.Design a Chess board so that two players can play.Each of the play can make any warrior move.Class Diagram and basic functions were asked to be written.</p>
<p>2.Design a key value pair storing system in a distributed system<br /> Questions on types of caching in distributed systems , Sharding<br /> How will you be handling scalability , failover and latency.</p>
<p><strong>Round 3:</strong><br /> Given a 2 D array with m Entry points (which are on the edges) and n exit points which are on the edges give the total number of paths that are possible .Complete production level code was to be written</p>
<p><strong><br /> Round 4: Bar Raiser Round</strong><br /> 1.given a large file with contents like<br /> 1.CAT<br /> 2.DOG<br /> 3.TAC<br /> 4.ACT<br /> 5.GOD<br /> 6.ODG<br /> Re-arrange it such that every line has the index of all of its anagrams<br /> Eg Output<br /> 1.CAT 1,3,4<br /> 2.DOG 2,5,6<br /> 3.TAC 1,3,4<br /> 4.ACT 1,3,4<br /> 5.GOD 2,5,6<br /> 6.ODG 2,5,6</p>
<p>2. Given inorder and postorder traversal of a tree give the preorder traversal without creating the tree.</p>
<p><strong>Round 5 Hiring Manager Round</strong></p>
<p>1.Nut and Bolts Problem<br /> 2.Given a million list of co-ordinates in the form of longitude and latitude just as Google maps .How will you print closest k cities to a given location .</p>
<p>After that a few behavioural questions<br /> I was not able to come up with a good answer for second question.</p>
<p>I thank geeksforgeeks for creating this amazing platform.Great job guys.</p>
<p>If you like GeeksforGeeks and would like to contribute, you can also write an article and mail your article to contribute@geeksforgeeks.org. See your article appearing on the GeeksforGeeks main page and help other Geeks.</p>
<p>   </p>
<p>Tags: <a href="http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/tag/amazon/">Amazon</a></p>
<div id="source-174" class="section level3">
<h3>Source</h3>
<p><a href="http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/amazon-interview-experience-set-169-sde-2/" class="uri">http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/amazon-interview-experience-set-169-sde-2/</a></p>
<p></p>
</div>
</div>
</body>
</html>

